In any case, Alex might not be happy with her old-fashioned ideas.
And is this the great, beautiful, happy world that I have been told about?" cried the prince. 
At any rate, Mr. Cade seems to be happy with his lifestyle.
Two blocks away we found a dark spot that catered to happy hour regulars.
I'm happy you're among us.
Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable.
He dozed off again, but I kiss him awake, which seems to startle him. Then he smiles as if he had be happy to lie there gazing at me forever.
If her pulse were any indication, she should be happy and cautious.
The voices were not happy, and she was surprised to hear one of them.
You, personally, are pretty happy with the generic knockoff, which saves you a dollar and tastes the same to you.
She linked my earliest thoughts with nature, and made me feel that "birds and flowers and I were happy peers."
Little Benjamin Franklin was very happy; for he was only seven years old. 
I shall always keep them, and it will make me very happy to think that you found them, on that far away island, from which Columbus sailed to discover our dear country.
My father made holes in these so that I could string them, and for a long time they kept me happy and contented.
She wanted Gabriel to be happy but couldn't bear to see it, not when her own world was still so new and frightening.
Without love you would not be happy or want to play.
"You seem pretty happy," Traci observed.
I was very happy to receive pretty book and nice candy and two letters from you.
We're happy to see the attention directed elsewhere.
He remembered everything, and ecstatic pity and love for that man overflowed his happy heart.
He wasn't happy to be left out of the loop but at least he believed me and came around. 
These were happy images of shared exploits, battlefield victories, and tender moments crying on each other's shoulders as their world grew uglier.
"Boy or girl?" he asked, genuinely happy about Damian and Sofia's first child.
 Sonya and Natasha looked at Vera with guilty, happy faces.
"So, you never gave yourself a chance to be happy?" she surmised.
 I remember with deepest gratitude the kindness of these dear friends and the happy days I spent with them.
These happy days did not last long.
He, who made every one happy in a beautiful, unobtrusive way, was most kind and tender to Miss Sullivan and me.
It makes me most happy to remember the hours we spent helping each other in study and sharing our recreation together.
I thought you'd be happy I spared him instead of burying him with the others.
I could not keep pace with all these literary folk as they glanced from subject to subject and entered into deep dispute, or made conversation sparkle with epigrams and happy witticisms.
There we spent many happy hours and played at learning geography.
Pierre in shamefaced and happy confusion glanced occasionally at her, and tried to think what to say next to introduce a fresh subject.
Evidently it has to be so, said he to himself, and hastily undressing he got into bed, happy and agitated but free from hesitation or indecision.
He often surprised those he met by his significantly happy looks and smiles which seemed to express a secret understanding between him and them.
Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out. 
The real things haven't changed. It is still best to be honest and truthful; to make the most of what we have; to be happy with simple pleasures; and have courage when things go wrong.”
Prince Andrew smiled now the same happy smile as then when he had looked into her eyes.
Prince Vasili entered the room with the air of a happy conqueror who has attained the object of his desires.
So the boy also was happy that Pierre had arrived. 
"I should never, never have believed that one could be so happy," she whispered to herself.
She no longer complained of her position, did not say a word about the past, and no longer feared to make happy plans for the future.
How happy I am! said Pierre to himself.
I am happy for your sake, said Princess Mary, who because of those tears quite forgave Natasha's joy.
'If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
What a happy thing that he saw you again, he added, suddenly turning to Natasha and looking at   her with eyes full of tears.
Are you trying to say that you're not happy with your success?
I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
It must be a beautiful and happy place; and I wish to know all about it.	
'Whatever makes you happy I'm for it," he said with a sigh.
Happy to meet you at last, Yully.
Maybe she wasn't happy with the way her parents lived.
You are happy enough I no longer need to dull the pain.
He'd like to believe in good and the happy-ever-after, but that innocence could never be retrieved.
I'd be happy knowing you're safe.
I'm happy to help you, and I'm happy you came to visit.
I hope you two are happy together.
"Good to see you, Darian," Jule said, genuinely happy to see Damian's brother alive. 
So Mildred stayed with me in Cambridge, and for six happy months we were hardly ever apart. 
In any case, Alex might not be happy with her old-fashioned ideas.
'And is this the great, beautiful, happy world that I have been told about?" cried the prince.
At any rate, Mr. Cade seems to be happy with his lifestyle.
Two blocks away we found a dark spot that catered to happy hour regulars.
I'm happy you're among us.
She feared seeing them happy again, knowing she really was nothing more than a disposable stand-in until they were able to be together again. 
The voices were not happy, and she was surprised to hear one of them.
You, personally, are pretty happy with the generic knockoff, which saves you a dollar and tastes the same to you.
She linked my earliest thoughts with nature, and made me feel that "birds and flowers and I were happy peers."
Little Benjamin Franklin was very happy; for he was only seven years old.
I shall always keep them, and it will make me very happy to think that you found them, on that far away island, from which Columbus sailed to discover our dear country.
My father made holes in these so that I could string them, and for a long time they kept me happy and contented.
She wanted Gabriel to be happy but couldn't bear to see it, not when her own world was still so new and frightening.
Without love you would not be happy or want to play.
"You seem pretty happy," Traci observed.
I was very happy to receive pretty book and nice candy and two letters from you.
We're happy to see the attention directed elsewhere.
He wasn't happy to be left out of the loop but at least he believed me and came around.
He remembered everything, and ecstatic pity and love for that man overflowed his happy heart.
These were happy images of shared exploits, battlefield victories, and tender moments crying on each other's shoulders as their world grew uglier.
"Boy or girl?" he asked, genuinely happy about Damian and Sofia's first child.
Sonya and Natasha looked at Vera with guilty, happy faces.
"So, you never gave yourself a chance to be happy?" she surmised.
She took his arm and with a happy face went with him into the adjoining sitting room.
I remember with deepest gratitude the kindness of these dear friends and the happy days I spent with them.
These happy days did not last long.
Happy he who has ears to hear.
It makes me most happy to remember the hours we spent helping each other in study and sharing our recreation together.
I am very happy to write to you because I think of you and love you.
He, who made every one happy in a beautiful, unobtrusive way, was most kind and tender to Miss Sullivan and me.
I could not keep pace with all these literary folk as they glanced from subject to subject and entered into deep dispute, or made conversation sparkle with epigrams and happy witticisms.
There we spent many happy hours and played at learning geography.
I thought you'd be happy I spared him instead of burying him with the others.
Maybe he was happy to get rid of her.
She stopped to wait for him, unsure whether to be happy about his presence or annoyed.
She changed the decorating tip and wrote "Happy Birthday Dad!" on the top of the cake.
Alex wasn't happy right now.
Is being in control so important that you're willing to sacrifice the happiness of your only son?
Condorcet's statement that Turgot corresponded with Smith is disproved by a letter of Smith to the duc de la Rochefoucauld, published in the Economic Journal (March 1896), p. 165, in which he says, "But tho' I had the happiness of his acquaintance: Turgot owed his appointment to the ministry to Maurepas, the" Mentor "of Louis XVI., to whom he was warmly recommended by the abbe Very, a mutual friend.
And the main thing is," he continued, "that I know, and know for certain, that the enjoyment of doing this good is the only sure happiness in life."
My mother, and sister and little brother have been here five weeks, and our happiness knows no bounds.
He remembered that he had now a new source of happiness and that this happiness had something to do with the Gospels.
There was an expression of carefree happiness on the faces of both father and daughter.
While imprisoned in the shed Pierre had learned not with his intellect but with his whole being, by life itself, that man is created for happiness, that happiness is within him, in the satisfaction of simple human needs, and that all unhappiness arises not from privation but from superfluity.
In the third book Philosophy promises to lead him to true happiness, which is to be found in God alone, for since God is the highest good, and the highest good is true happiness, God is true happiness.
"Strange and impossible as such happiness seems, I must do everything that she and I may be man and wife," he told himself.
Thoughts that had not entered her mind for years--thoughts of a life free from the fear of her father, and even the possibility of love and of family happiness--floated continually in her imagination like temptations of the devil.
With Mademoiselle Bourienne's help the princess had maintained the conversation very well, but at the very last moment, just when he rose, she was so tired of talking of what did not interest her, and her mind was so full of the question why she alone was granted so little happiness in life, that in a fit of absent-mindedness she sat still, her luminous eyes gazing fixedly before her, not noticing that he had risen.
It is your happiness I wish for, she added, feeling that she was telling an untruth and was becoming entangled.
The pursuit of such happiness is taught by the "utilitarian" philosophy, an expression used by Bentham himself in 1802, and therefore not invented by J.
She exhaled happiness and love from the time Nicholas returned, and the faithful, unalterable love of this girl had a gladdening effect on him.
Sidgwick holds that intuition must justify the claims of the general happiness upon the individual, though everything subsequent is hedonistic calculus.
Wollaston starts with the assumption that religion and morality are identical, and labours to show that religion is "the pursuit of happiness by the practice of truth and reason."
You know that for me there is nothing in life but you, and to suffer with you is the greatest happiness for me, and he took her hand and pressed it as he had pressed it that terrible evening four days before his death.
She could not help loving the countess and the whole Rostov family, but neither could she help loving Nicholas and knowing that his happiness depended on that love.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
you might want to decide fast. We live in a dangerous world. If you see a chance to be happy, you have to fight for it, so later you have no regrets.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
A future life for him is important, because our happiness in it may depend on our present conduct; and therefore our action here should take into account the reward or punishment that it may bring on us hereafter.
"Yes, a new happiness was revealed to me of which man cannot be deprived," he thought as he lay in the semidarkness of the quiet hut, gazing fixedly before him with feverish wide open eyes.
The height of happiness was reached--and so simply, without warning, or noise, or display, that Rostov could not believe his eyes and remained in doubt for over a second.
It "is celebrated by the very people who did observe it, in hundreds of hymns, which would fill volumes, as a day of rest and joy, of presentiment of the pure bliss and happiness which are stored up for the righteous in the world to come" (S.
"What nonsense it is," Natasha suddenly exclaimed, "about honeymoons, and that the greatest happiness is at first!
The advent of Christianity, with its categorical assertion of future happiness for the good, to a large extent did away with pessimism in the true sense.
In 1781 Dohm pointed to the fact that a Jewish father could seldom hope to enjoy the happiness of living with his children.
A second type of hedonism - less ignoble, but perhaps also less logical - calls men to seek the happiness of others.
When peace was finally concluded, he had obtained that predominant position in European politics which had been the object of his ambition since the commencement of his reign, and he now believed firmly that he had been chosen by Providence to secure the happiness of the world in general and of the European nations in particular.
In the fulfilment of this supposed mission he was not very successful, because his conception of national happiness and the means of obtaining it differed widely from that of the peoples whom he wished to benefit.
Such deceivers, according to Josephus, did no less than the murderers to destroy the happiness of the city.
Such is the account which Josephus gives in the Antiquities; in the Jewish War he represents the rabbis and their disciples as looking forward to greater happiness for themselves after such a death.
To call it "pessimism" is merely to apply to it a characteristically Western principle according to which happiness is impossible without personality.
TO MRS. WILLIAM THAW 12 Newbury Street, Boston, December 19th, 1898. ...I realize now what a selfish, greedy girl I was to ask that my cup of happiness should be filled to overflowing, without stopping to think how many other people's cups were quite empty.
But what I consider my crown of success is the happiness and pleasure that my victory has brought dear Teacher.
And He is happier than any of us because He is greater than any of us, and also because He not merely SEES your happiness as we do, but He also MADE it.
Religion alone can explain to us what without its help man cannot comprehend: why, for what cause, kind and noble beings able to find happiness in life--not merely harming no one but necessary to the happiness of others--are called away to God, while cruel, useless, harmful persons, or such as are a burden to themselves and to others, are left living.
She saw the possibility of love and happiness between Natasha and Pierre, and the first thought of this filled her heart with gladness.
In her thoughts of marriage Princess Mary dreamed of happiness and of children, but her strongest, most deeply hidden longing was for earthly love.
The latter began to feel that it was in bad taste to speak of his enthusiasms, dreams, and hopes of happiness or goodness, in Prince Andrew's presence.
He was already enjoying that happiness when that little Napoleon had suddenly appeared with his unsympathizing look of shortsighted delight at the misery of others, and doubts and torments had followed, and only the heavens promised peace.
And Rostov got up and went wandering among the campfires, dreaming of what happiness it would be to die--not in saving the Emperor's life (he did not even dare to dream of that), but simply to die before his eyes.
And cost what it may, I will arrange poor Amelie's happiness, she loves him so passionately, and so passionately repents.
The quiet home life and peaceful happiness of Bald Hills presented itself to him.
I wish you all the happiness you so deserve.
Is being in control so important that you're willing to sacrifice the happiness of your only son?
Bubbling with happiness, she hummed as she strode through the corridors in search of Romas.
Rather, knowledge is happiness, because to have knowledge--broad, deep knowledge--is to know true ends from false, and lofty things from low.
She is a thorough woman, but with none of the pettinesses, subterfuges, and mental reservations of her sex; she loves wide vistas and boundless horizons and instinctively seeks them out; she is concerned for universal happiness and takes thought for the improvement of mankind – the last infirmity and most innocent mania of generous souls.
Condorcet's statement that Turgot corresponded with Smith is disproved by a letter of Smith to the duc de la Rochefoucauld, published in the Economic Journal (March 1896), p. 165, in which he says, "But tho' I had the happiness of his acquaintance: Turgot owed his appointment to the ministry to Maurepas, the" Mentor "of Louis XVI., to whom he was warmly recommended by the abbe Very, a mutual friend.
Didn't he realize that your happiness had value too?
Kris's memories stirred stronger than he liked.  He remembered Lilith, a beautiful Immortal whose laugh had filled him with happiness.  Their love had been intense and brief, lasting less than a human year in total.  One day, she was just … gone.  Slaughtered by Rhyn, who had taken her head the same way his brothers took the head of Rhyn's demoness mother.
Capable of happiness and sorrow and compassion.
Everyone deserves a chance at happiness, Deidre.  Even rich girls running empires.
Wynn said your happiness made it grow.
Since the first time I stepped inside I had a sense of all of the love and happiness and peace those walls have witnessed.
My vocation is to be happy with another kind of happiness, the happiness of love and self-sacrifice.
They got out, and she lingered, sighing in happiness at the pleasure she was likely never to experience again after this week.
And the main thing is," he continued, "that I know, and know for certain, that the enjoyment of doing this good is the only sure happiness in life."
Share thy happiness with thy neighbor, and may envy never dim the purity of that bliss.
My mother, and sister and little brother have been here five weeks, and our happiness knows no bounds.
He remembered that he had now a new source of happiness and that this happiness had something to do with the Gospels.
I would give my life for the happiness of them both.
A happiness lying beyond material forces, outside the material influences that act on man--a happiness of the soul alone, the happiness of loving.
There was an expression of carefree happiness on the faces of both father and daughter.
While imprisoned in the shed Pierre had learned not with his intellect but with his whole being, by life itself, that man is created for happiness, that happiness is within him, in the satisfaction of simple human needs, and that all unhappiness arises not from privation but from superfluity.
This was the pinnacle of my happiness, from which I was in a little while dashed to earth.
Kiera found she truly was happy for her, though her own happiness was clouded by a sense of sadness and yearning.
In the third book Philosophy promises to lead him to true happiness, which is to be found in God alone, for since God is the highest good, and the highest good is true happiness, God is true happiness.
"Strange and impossible as such happiness seems, I must do everything that she and I may be man and wife," he told himself.
Thoughts that had not entered her mind for years--thoughts of a life free from the fear of her father, and even the possibility of love and of family happiness--floated continually in her imagination like temptations of the devil.
The pursuit of such happiness is taught by the "utilitarian" philosophy, an expression used by Bentham himself in 1802, and therefore not invented by J.
With Mademoiselle Bourienne's help the princess had maintained the conversation very well, but at the very last moment, just when he rose, she was so tired of talking of what did not interest her, and her mind was so full of the question why she alone was granted so little happiness in life, that in a fit of absent-mindedness she sat still, her luminous eyes gazing fixedly before her, not noticing that he had risen.
It was as if she feared this strange, unexpected happiness of meeting again the very man she had then chosen (she was firmly convinced she had done so) and of finding him, as it seemed, not indifferent to her.
It is your happiness I wish for, she added, feeling that she was telling an untruth and was becoming entangled.
If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them.
She exhaled happiness and love from the time Nicholas returned, and the faithful, unalterable love of this girl had a gladdening effect on him.
Sidgwick holds that intuition must justify the claims of the general happiness upon the individual, though everything subsequent is hedonistic calculus.
You know that for me there is nothing in life but you, and to suffer with you is the greatest happiness for me, and he took her hand and pressed it as he had pressed it that terrible evening four days before his death.
The advent of Christianity, with its categorical assertion of future happiness for the good, to a large extent did away with pessimism in the true sense.
The height of happiness was reached--and so simply, without warning, or noise, or display, that Rostov could not believe his eyes and remained in doubt for over a second.
"What nonsense it is," Natasha suddenly exclaimed, "about honeymoons, and that the greatest happiness is at first!
She could not help loving the countess and the whole Rostov family, but neither could she help loving Nicholas and knowing that his happiness depended on that love.
A future life for him is important, because our happiness in it may depend on our present conduct; and therefore our action here should take into account the reward or punishment that it may bring on us hereafter.
Wollaston starts with the assumption that religion and morality are identical, and labours to show that religion is "the pursuit of happiness by the practice of truth and reason."
It "is celebrated by the very people who did observe it, in hundreds of hymns, which would fill volumes, as a day of rest and joy, of presentiment of the pure bliss and happiness which are stored up for the righteous in the world to come" (S.
"Yes, a new happiness was revealed to me of which man cannot be deprived," he thought as he lay in the semidarkness of the quiet hut, gazing fixedly before him with feverish wide open eyes.
The goal in life to be aimed at, according to him, is not happiness, but tranquillity, or equanimity.
A second type of hedonism - less ignoble, but perhaps also less logical - calls men to seek the happiness of others.
When peace was finally concluded, he had obtained that predominant position in European politics which had been the object of his ambition since the commencement of his reign, and he now believed firmly that he had been chosen by Providence to secure the happiness of the world in general and of the European nations in particular.
In the fulfilment of this supposed mission he was not very successful, because his conception of national happiness and the means of obtaining it differed widely from that of the peoples whom he wished to benefit.
Such is the account which Josephus gives in the Antiquities; in the Jewish War he represents the rabbis and their disciples as looking forward to greater happiness for themselves after such a death.
He caressed the tattoo with a thumb and smiled, feeling genuine happiness for the first time since Andre.s death.
So, it sounds like the key to our happiness lies with Miriam Sidwell.
Can all that make me any happier or better?
And I am sure there will not be a happier man than you.
At another time she asked, "Do you not think we would be very much happier always, if we did not have to die?"
The unintelligent over-regulation of the French government could not maintain the colonies which had been founded in happier times.
The beginning of a happier era, however, was expected with the opening of the new reign.
The marriage, in spite of occasional wranglings, proved happier than might have been expected.
But after his removal from this establishment to Felsted school in Essex, where Martin Holbeach was master, his disposition took a happier turn; and having soon made considerable progress in learning, he was in 1643 entered at St Peter's College, and afterwards at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he applied himself to the study of literature and science, especially of natural philosophy.
And the sooner we get machines to do the things they can do, freeing up people to do what they can do, the happier and wealthier we all will be.
It was perhaps a happier result of the war that it tended to the continuance of the Anglo-French alliance.
I have still as much vanity as ever, which is a happier passion by far, because great reputation I think I may acquire and keep, great situation I never can acquire, nor if acquired keep, without making sacrifices that I never will make."
Her father said she seems so much happier since you two got together.
The knowledge doesn't make life any sweeter or happier, does it?
He wanted her, and nothing had ever made her happier in her life than when she saw the depth of his emotion in his eyes and lived through the consuming intensity with which he made love to her.
18, 1523), his accession was hailed as the dawn of a happier era.
I fear for his reputation if we be discovered but I have never been happier than next to him, beneath the buffalo robe that covered us.
He'd tried to block all memories of a happier time for fear he'd never see such times again.
She looked healthier and happier than during their last two encounters, and Linda had let it slip that she and Rainy were talking again.
His slain brother's wife had always been a painful sight for him, the reminder of his brother and a happier time before the Schism.
"Even happier because I didn't have to plan them," Evelyn said.
In my experience, people who challenge themselves and strive for goals are happier and healthier than those who don't.
Though she missed her friend, Jenn couldn't be happier for Dusty.
But it is still capable of producing men of original force; it still maintains the traditions of a happier time; it is still alive to the value of literary culture, and endeavours by minute attention to style to produce new effects.
If more people knew this, and the friends and relatives of deaf children learned the manual alphabet at once the deaf all over the world would be happier and better educated.
His logic, while never obtruded, was rarely at fault; but lie loved the flash of the rapier, and was never happier than when he had to face down a mob and utterly foil it by sheer superiority in fencing.
Are there no women living unmarried, and even the happier for it?
But the prevailing impression we carry away after reading him is that in all his early satires he was animated by a sincere and manly detestation of the tyranny and cruelty, the debauchery and luxury, the levity and effeminacy, the crimes and frauds, which we know from other sources were then rife in Rome, and that a more serene wisdom and a happier frame of mind were attained by him when old age had somewhat allayed the fierce rage which vexed his manhood.
Carlyle, now that happier relations had been restored, did his best to give her the needed comforts; and in spite of his immersion in Frederick, showed her all possible attention in later years.
The influence of the happier communities has been exercised on behalf of those in a worse position by individuals such as Sir Moses Montefiore rather than by societies or leagues.
He was happier in these pursuits than in the exercise of his jurisdiction.
They reveal to us the true and better side of George Sand, the loyal and devoted friend, the mother who under happier conditions might have been reputed a Roman matron.
Missionary work in the island has thus passed through a peculiarly trying experience, but happier conditions are now likely to prevail.
Verse 9: "Happier were the slain of the sword Than the slain of famine!
A race was formed strong enough to keep the empire itself in check, strong enough, except for its own internecine contests, to have formed a nation equal to its happier neighbors.

 
And He is happier than any of us because He is greater than any of us, and also because He not merely SEES your happiness as we do, but He also MADE it.
If you think you'd be happier with Claudette, I won't stand in your way, but I want to make it clear that I don't want you to go.
He was no more successful than Piri or his successor Murad in fighting the elements and the Portuguese in the Persian Gulf; but he was happier in his fate.
Certainly in happier times, when the worst period of storm and stress was over, there would be a desire to enliven the services with music, which would naturally be borrowed from the traditional music of the great national sanctuary.
In the summer of 1770 he returned to Paris, resumed music-copying, and was on the whole happier than he had been since he had to leave Montlouis.
A brave soldier, an experienced and astute general, he was never happier than when engaged in war.
He is the idealizing poet of the hopes and aspirations and of the purer and happier life of which the age seemed to contain the promise.
At the end of holiday,I am excited to go back home but sad that the holidays are coming to an end.
I am coming to end my placement year job and sad that it’s coming to an end but happy and excited that I am going back to college.
Elizabeth thus lost all hereditary title to the throne, and her early years of childhood can hardly have been happier than Mary's.
After Homer there had come to Greece the new view that the soul is more real than the body, that it is imprisoned in the carcase as a prison-house, that it is capable of enjoying a happier life freed from the body, and that it can transmigrate from body to body.
'You look happier than a moth on a cashmere sweater," Fred said.
We couldn't have been happier, and it never changed for a moment for the whole twelve years before he died.
Like his father, he was nowhere happier than in the family circle, and he was particularly attached to his -sister, the grand-duchess Xenia, who was seven years younger than himself.
Natasha at once recognized the shorter and younger man in the white uniform: it was Bolkonski, who seemed to her to have grown much younger, happier, and better-looking.
Reciprocally this continued service, whilst strengthening our true unity, renders us at once both happier and better."
You'd be happier taking care of a rambling old house in the middle of nowhere?
At last the happiest of happy moments arrived.
Again in France in 1817, her life at Neuilly until 1828 was the happiest period of her existence.
My little Sabine farm is dear to me; for here I spend my happiest days, far from the noise and strife of the world.
These years were perhaps the happiest of his life.
That instant, when Nicholas saw the wolf struggling in the gully with the dogs, while from under them could be seen her gray hair and outstretched hind leg and her frightened choking head, with her ears laid back (Karay was pinning her by the throat), was the happiest moment of his life.
This double cultivation of his scientific powers had the happiest effect on his subsequent work; for the greatest achievements of Riemann were effected by the application in pure mathematics generally of a method (theory of potential) which had up to this time been used solely in the solution of certain problems that arise in mathematical physics.
This did not suit him, but from March 1883 to July 1884 he was at home at a charming house called La Solitude, above Hyeres; this was in many ways to be the happiest station in the painful and hurrying pilgrimage of Stevenson's life.
This position he occupied for nearly twelve years, which he long afterwards declared to have been "by far the most useful, and therefore by far the happiest and most honourable period of his life."
He reached his see on the 23rd of November 337, and, as he himself has told us, " the people ran in crowds to see his face; the churches were full of rejoicing; thanksgivings were everywhere offered up; the ministers and clergy thought the day the happiest in their lives."
His days at Westminster, Southey thinks, were " probably the happiest in his life," but a boy of nervous temperament is always unhappy at school.
And so God who is the greatest and happiest of all beings is the most loving too.
"An air more delicious to breathe," wrote Bayard Taylor, "cannot anywhere be found; it is neither too sedative nor too exciting, but has that pure, sweet, flexible quality which seems to support all one's happiest and healthiest moods."
He then, in the happiest vein of parody, proceeds to show them a more excellent way: - "My first prediction is but a trifle, yet I mention it to show how ignorant these sottish pretenders to astrology are in their own concerns: it refers to Partridge the almanac-maker.
The number of thirteen, to which on grounds of discipline she had limited the foundation, was soon filled up, and Teresa spent here the five happiest years of her life.
The world is happiest when this process is one of persuasion, goodwill, reason, logic, and negotiation.
The first half of the winter of 1806, which Nicholas Rostov spent in Moscow, was one of the happiest, merriest times for him and the whole family.
And, when July comes, you can think of me as rowing my dear ones around the lovely lake in the little boat you gave me, the happiest girl in the world!...
Hobbes spoke of the first years of his tutorship as the happiest of his life.
Cumberland, therefore, lays it down that " The greatest possible benevolence of every rational agent towards all the rest constitutes the happiest state of each and all.
Matthew Arnold, who edited six selected Lives of the poets, regarded it as one of Macaulay's happiest and ripest efforts.
The vast majority never returned; the happiest of them were shipwrecked and drowned in the Mediterranean.
Returning from his journey through South Russia in the happiest state of mind, Pierre carried out an intention he had long had of visiting his friend Bolkonski, whom he had not seen for two years.
A tutorship at Zurich was, however, obtained in the spring of 1788, and Fichte spent in Switzerland two of the happiest years of his life.
His fundamental principle and supreme " Law of Nature " is thus stated: " The greatest possible benevolence of every rational agent towards all the rest constitutes the happiest state of each and all, so far as depends on their own power, and is necessarily required for their happiness; accordingly Common Good will be the Supreme Good."
I spent many of my happiest hours on his back.
Ye are the happiest of men through us, and the dearest to us.
Hutton as "unequalled for grandeur of outline, purity of taste and radiance of total effect"; while his latest and longest, "The Dream of Gerontius," is generally recognized as the happiest effort to represent the unseen world that has been made since the time of Dante.
Who would have guessed two years ago that he would become a happily married man?
(The regimental commander's face now that the inspection was happily over beamed with irrepressible delight.)
His temper was what the French happily call a difficult one, and his life was consequently enlivened or disturbed by various literary quarrels.
"It appears like the mystical ratios of Kepler which Newton so happily elucidated."
The way in which true genius works could not be more happily described.
Happily for Kaikobad, the princes mistrusted the power of the Egyptian, and it proved a difficult task to penetrate through the mountainous, well-fortified accesses to the interior of Asia Minor, so that the advantage rested with Kaikobad, who took Kharput, and for some time even held Harran, Ar-Roha and Rakka (1232).
He did not live to complete his poem, but happily he carried it up to the point where the original fragments 1_.
Happily for his honour, the charm which held him captive was at length broken by no gentle or friendly hand.
The breach, happily, was of no very long duration.
Of late there have happily appeared some decorators who prefer to choose their subjects from the natural field in which their great predecessors excelled, and there is reason to hope that this more congenial and more pleasing style will supplant its modern usurper.
By no one have the ruff's characteristics been more happily described than by J.
Queen Catherine Parr introduced some humanity into Henry's household, and Edward and Elizabeth were well and happily educated together, principally at old Hatfield House, which is now the marquess of Salisbury's stables.
Thus, in spite of its having been approved by the king, this design was happily abandoned - much to Wren's disgust; and he prepared another scheme with a similar treatment of a dome crowned by a spire, which in 1675 was ordered to be carried out.
Possibly, fuller study of religions may help theologians to formulate the imperial claims of Christianity more happily than in the dry contrast between what is " revealed " and what is " natural."
The volute buttresses, each crowned with a statue, add quaintly but happily to the general effect.
Every consideration was shown to the Imperial troops and the Imperial civil authorities, who were allowed to vacate their posts without being subjected to force, and the universal rejoicings of a liberated people were happily marred by no scenes of violence.
Civil war was happily averted at the last moment, and a national convention, composed of senators and deputies from all parts of the country, assembled at Warsaw, in April 1573, for the purpose of electing a new king.
But this vandalism, which Wagner condoned with a very bad grace, now happily begins to give way to the practice of presenting long scenes or entire acts, with the singers, on the concert-platform.
The scenery of Formosa is frequently of majestic beauty, and to this it is indebted for its European name, happily bestowed by the early Spanish navigators.
Happily for him, however, he was able to acquire in his youth a knowledge of English and Dutch, and by the help of some missionaries he succeeded in obtaining books in those languages on both scientific and political subjects.
Of France on his investiture in 1527.3 According to Ashmole the true account of the matter is that " King Edward having given forth his own garter as the signal for a battle which sped fortunately (which with Du Chesne we conceive to be that of Crecy), the victory, we say, being happily gained, he thence took occasion to institute this order, and gave the garter (assumed by him for the symbol of unity and society) preeminence among the ensigns of it.
The Reformed churches of the Palatinate, on the other hand, used the Heidelberg Catechism (1562-1563), "sweetspirited, experiential, clear, moderate and happily-phrased," mainly the work of two of Calvin's younger disciples, Kaspar Olevianus and Zacharias Ursinus.
Garrick, who called her " the best of women and wives," lived most happily with her in his villa at Hampton, acquired by him in 1754, whither he was glad to escape from his house in Southampton Street.
He now attacked more in detail but not more happily than before Wallis's great work, while hardly attempting any further defence of his own positions; also he repelled with some force and dignity the insults that had been heaped upon him, and fought the verbal points, but could not leave the field without making political insinuations against his adversary, quite irrelevant in themselves and only noteworthy as evidence of his own resignation to Cromwell's rule.
At eighty-five, in the year 1673, he sent forth a translation of four books of the Odyssey (ix.-xii.) in rugged but not seldom happily turned English rhymes; and, when he found this Voyage of Ulysses eagerly received, he had ready by 1675 a complete translation of both Iliad and Odyssey (E.W.
The designs were identical with those in favour with the goldand silver-smiths of the period, which was happily one when exceptionally good taste prevailed.
JOHN HORNE TOOKE (1736-1812), English politician and philologist, third son of John Horne, a poulterer in Newport Market, whose business the boy when at Eton happily veiled under the title of a " Turkey merchant," was born in Newport Street, Long Acre, Westminster, on the 25th of June 1736.
His earliest publication, the anonymous pamphlet of The Pentland Rising, had appeared in 1866, and The Charity Bazaar, a trifle in which his future manner is happily displayed, in 1868.
Sometimes this action is exerted upon the finer grasses, irri- but happily also upon some of the less profitable constituents of the miscellaneous herbage.
He assures us that his tutor did not complain of any inaptitude on the pupil's part, and that the pupil was as happily unconscious of any on his own; but here he broke off.
Menelaus thereupon took her back, and they returned together to Sparta, where they lived happily till their death, and were buried at Therapnae in Laconia.
He lived and wrote only to amuse his contemporaries, and thus, although more popular in his lifetime and more fortunate than any of the older authors in the ultimate survival of a large number of his works, he is less than any of the great writers of Rome in sympathy with either the serious or the caustic spirit in Latin literature.
She has a very sociable disposition, and delights in the companionship of those who can follow the rapid motions of her fingers; but if left alone she will amuse herself for hours at a time with her knitting or sewing.
Then Dorothy wound up Tik-tok and he danced a jig to amuse the company, after which the Yellow Hen related some of her adventures with the Nome King in the Land of Ev.
As it was encouraged by John of France; and while John's father opened the Crecy campaign by sending Edward a challenge in due form of chivalry, Edward took advantage of this formal delay to amuse the French king with negotiations while he withdrew his army by a rapid march from an almost hopeless position.
Only a hobbledehoy could amuse himself in this way, he added in Russian--but pronouncing the word with a French accent--having noticed that Zherkov could still hear him.
In the absence of Decazes a new favourite was found to amuse the king's old age, Madame du Cayla (Zoe Talon, comtesse du Cayla), a protegee of the vicomte Sosthene de la Rochefoucauld and consequently a creature of the Ultras.
It is five times the size of the bush.'" The invention, or at least the earliest general use of this form, is attributed to Edward Lear, who, when a tutor in the family of the earl of Derby at Knowsley, composed, about 1834, a large number of nonsense-limericks to amuse the little grandchildren of the house.
I'm amused. 
Tom's amused.
We're amused.
You amuse me.
Tom is amused.
We amused ourselves by playing games. 
The girls amused themselves playing games.
The old man told the children an amusing story.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride to the amusement park.
As for the past two years people have amused themselves by finding husbands for me (most of whom I don't even know), the matchmaking chronicles of Moscow now speak of me as the future Countess Bezukhova.
"Whatever are you bothering about, gentlemen?" said Bilibin, who, till then, had listened with an amused smile to their conversation and now was evidently ready with a joke.
The Frenchman's chatter which had previously amused Pierre now repelled him.
"But in case it does …" "Right," Damian said, not amused by the cryptic responses.
"Yes. Uncle Bill Hugson married your Uncle Henry's wife's sister; so we must be second cousins," said the boy, in an amused tone.
Prince Hippolyte himself glanced around with amused surprise.
He was amused and she fumed, her emotions scattered by his mere presence.
His expression went from surprise to wary and on to amused in the space of a heartbeat.
Swaying his head and smiling as if amused at himself, the officer ran almost at a trot through the deserted streets toward the Yauza bridge to overtake his regiment.
"No, there's not much to be amused at here," said Rostov, and rode on a little way.
She had learned the printed letters, and for some time had amused herself by making simple sentences, using slips on which the words were printed in raised letters; but these sentences had no special relation to one another.
Rhyn.s mind went to Toby, the baby angel he.d amused by shredding pillows.
Elisabeth seemed amused by the whole scene.
His amused gaze rested on Carmen as he tried to keep from smiling.
Amused, Damian looked at Darian and tossed his head towards the door.
"I.m not dead yet," he said, amused and touched by her tears.
She tightened her grip around him, and he was amused to think of himself as any sort of comfort to anyone, let alone a little human like her.
Grasping the break with one hand, she met his amused gaze.
"Thanks," Yully murmured, amused to see the tiny woman stand up to someone Jule's size.
Followed by Lelorgne d'Ideville, an interpreter, he overtook Napoleon at a gallop and reined in his horse with an amused expression.
"You've missed a few things," Wynn said with an amused look at Deidre.
Amused, he dropped the sweater into the bag, grabbed a few more and a pair jeans.
He looked amused, if a statue could look amused.
Charlie's gaze was amused, though he said nothing of Brady's long look at the picture.
Sincerity and gravity, in Magnus's opinion, were highly overrated, as was being forced to relive unpleasant memories. He would much rather be amused and amusing.
Today I am amused, and I haven't seen anyone yet.
I have found that the key to being happy — well, one of the keys, anyway — is to be easily amused.
"Whatever are you bothering about, gentlemen?" said Bilibin, who, till then, had listened with an amused smile to their conversation and now was evidently ready with a joke.
The Frenchman's chatter which had previously amused Pierre now repelled him.
Nicholas was in such good spirits that this merely amused him
Yes. Uncle Bill Hugson married your Uncle Henry's wife's sister; so we must be second cousins," said the boy, in an amused tone.
Prince Hippolyte himself glanced around with amused surprise.
Darian looked at the Watcher, who seemed amused at the idea.
His expression went from surprise to wary and on to amused in the space of a heartbeat. 
Gabe cleared his throat, amused at seeing the half-demon putting so much effort into restraining himself.
He gave her an amused look, then poured her three shots worth of whiskey and handed it to her.
As much as the brothers hated one another, Rhyn and Tamer were too similar for Gabe to feel anything but amused by the open hostility.
It was sweet and amusing by turns.
He gave amusing illustrations of the absurdity and poverty of the current pulpit oratory of his day, some of them being taken from the sermons of his own father.
His mock heroics are, to say the least, amusing, and among these may be mentioned Myszeis, where he describes how King Popiel, according to the legend, was eaten up by rats.
But what was most amusing," he continued, with a sudden, good-natured laugh, "was that we could not think how to address the reply!
After all, you must understand that besides your pleasure there is such a thing as other people's happiness and peace, and that you are ruining a whole life for the sake of amusing yourself!
They form amusing pets, and in a wild state, writes Mrs A.
He was thought to be merely amusing himself with politics.
It is amusing and pathetic to see Helen with her dolls.
This melancholy, which did not prevent her amusing herself, did not hinder the young people who came to her house from passing the time pleasantly.
Why they found it so amusing that Mr. Cade was a recluse evaded her comprehension.
I'm sure he would have found it more amusing than the look on your face.
Today, however, he was more interested in seeing Sasha and hearing about the human than amusing the zoo creatures.
And he went on to inquiries about the Grand Duke and the state of his health, and to reminiscences of the gay and amusing times he had spent with him in Naples.
I'm glad you find my character flaws amusing, 'cuz I have a boat load of them.
The way she blushed about intimacy was amusing and somehow sweet.
The Toy-Shop is an amusing collection of these freaks of nature.
Then it is amusing to read of the elaborate preparation I underwent to fit me for the great task my friends entrusted to me.
It was amusing to see her hold it before her eyes and spell the sentences out on her fingers, just as I had done.
So, he found her questions amusing, did he?
The morality of these is almost amusing in its downright positive character.
It is a series of metrical homilies on the Ten Commandments, the Seven Deadly Sins and the Seven Sacraments, illustrated by a number of amusing stories from various sources.
It is amusing to observe the extreme care and deliberation with which the bird draws the worm from its hidingplace, coaxing it out as it were by degrees, instead of pulling roughly or breaking it.
In later years he published a few minor volumes of fiction, and a series of severe and also amusing criticisms of Christian Science (pub lished as a book in 1907), and in 1906 he began an autobiography in the North American Review.
In Paris he was arrested on the suit of a sculptor, whose statue had been injured in the New York World's Fair (of which he had been a director), and spent two days in Clichy, of which he gave an amusing account.
He found it both amusing and a bit disconcerting that both Sidwell women's initial reaction was to castrate him.
Thus he describes the Loves of the Plants according to the Linnaean system by means of a most ingenious but misplaced and amusing personification of each plant, and often even of the parts of the plant.
From one point of view the haggada, amplifying and developing the contents of Hebrew scripture in response to a popular religious need, may be termed a rabbinical commentary on the Old Testament, containing traditional stories and legends, sometimes amusing, sometimes trival, and often beautiful.
But the spirit, though adjured with all solemnity, remained obstinately silent; and it soon appeared that a naughty girl of eleven had been amusing herself by making fools of so many philosophers.
They spoke of personal reminiscences, of amusing scenes they had witnessed during the campaign, and avoided all talk of their present situation.
It is, indeed, if not the most amusing of Swift's satirical works, the most strikingly original, and the one in which the compass of his powers is most fully displayed.
He was attracted to it by his hatred of moderation and what he called "respectability" in any shape - a characteristic of which some amusing instances have been handed down.
In the same year he published in the form of a letter to Payne Collier an amusing and extremely inconclusive essay on Shakespeare's legal acquirements.
Damian heard the amusement in his voice.
A flicker of amusement crossed her face.
He continued to watch her without comment, but the amusement had left his eyes.
According to that theory, every organ, every part, colour and peculiarity of an organism, must either be of benefit to that organism itself or have been so to its ancestors: no peculiarity of structure or general conformation, no habit or instinct in any organism, can be supposed to exist for the benefit or amusement of another organism, not even for the delectation of man himself.
His father, a poor engraver, sent him to study art under the painter David, but his own tastes were literary, and he became a student in the College de France, where it is said he used to exercise his already strongly developed critical faculty by correcting for his own amusement old and bad texts of Greek authors, afterwards comparing the results with the latest and most approved editions.
Amusement danced in his eyes and around his mouth.
Amusement flashed across the death dealer's face, and Gabriel shook his head.
"Give the woman the keypad," Dan said in amusement, jabbing him in the ribs with an elbow.
Dusty's gaze was on the ground, his smile partially hidden while Jule's amusement was less discreet.
Our favourite amusement during that winter was tobogganing.
Sasha seemed to be ignoring her, though a small smile of amusement was on his face.
Xander handled the star-struck woman with amusement she expected and patience she didn't.
I had this advantage, at least, in my mode of life, over those who were obliged to look abroad for amusement, to society and the theatre, that my life itself was become my amusement and never ceased to be novel.
Amusement was deep in Molly's gaze, though she made no effort to come to her rescue.
As if he sensed her irritation at the early hour, a look of amusement crossed his face, visible in the shift of his eyebrows.
And Natasha felt that this costume, the very one she had regarded with surprise and amusement at Otradnoe, was just the right thing and not at all worse than a swallow-tail or frock coat.
In cold weather it was no little amusement to bake several small loaves of this in succession, tending and turning them as carefully as an Egyptian his hatching eggs.
I followed a woman who grabbed him at an amusement park and stuck with her to her car where a guy was in the driver's seat.
He smiled warmly when he met her gaze, a twinkle of amusement deepening the amber color to brown.
Dan shot him a look of amusement before they both turned.
Darian snorted in amusement, though she heard the note of tension in his voice.
There's nothing wrong with being universally hated, Dusty added, amusement in his voice.
Hamburg is well supplied with places of amusement, especially of the more popular kind.
He regarded his whole life as a continual round of amusement which someone for some reason had to provide for him.
He devoted himself to the study of books, birds and trees, and speaks of his natural delight in solitude being largely increased.
In some passages the poet seems to take delight in casting dramatic illusion to the winds.
The village elder, a peasant delegate, and the village clerk, who were waiting in the passage, heard with fear and delight first the young count's voice roaring and snapping and rising louder and louder, and then words of abuse, dreadful words, ejaculated one after the other.
The important mystery mentioned by the Rhetor, though it aroused his curiosity, did not seem to him essential, and the second aim, that of purifying and regenerating himself, did not much interest him because at that moment he felt with delight that he was already perfectly cured of his former faults and was ready for all that was good.
At Eton he did no more work than was acceptable to him, but he had an inborn love of literature, and he laid the foundation of that knowledge of the classic languages which in after years was the delight of his life.
I remember his caressing touch as he led me from tree to tree, from vine to vine, and his eager delight in whatever pleased me.
In North Germany; and in 1536 he wrote a preface to Gardiner's De vera Obedientia, which asserted the royal, denied the papal, supremacy, and was received with delight by the Lutherans.
Malasha looked down from the oven with shy delight at the faces, uniforms, and decorations of the generals, who one after another came into the room and sat down on the broad benches in the corner under the icons.
In Southern India they delight in hill-forest, where the undergrowth is largely formed of bamboo, the tender shoots of which form a favourite delicacy; but during the rains they venture out to feed on the open grass tracts.
Now it would roll on its back, yelping with delight, now bask in the sun with a thoughtful air of importance, and now frolic about playing with a chip of wood or a straw.
How much of my delight in all beautiful things is innate, and how much is due to her influence,    I can never tell.
If, then, an Egyptian inscription of the XIXth dynasty had come to hand in which the names of Joseph and Moses, and the deeds of the Israelites as a subject people who finally escaped from bondage by crossing the Red Sea, were recorded in hieroglyphic characters, such a monument would have been hailed with enthusiastic delight by every champion of the Pentateuch, and a wave of supreme satisfaction would have passed over all Christendom.
But he had other tastes, which impelled him irresistibly to pursue those studies which, as Bacon says, "serve for delight, for ornament and for ability."
The abbe, a well-fed man with a plump, clean-shaven chin, a pleasant firm mouth, and white hands meekly folded on his knees, sat close to Helene and, with a subtle smile on his lips and a peaceful look of delight at her beauty, occasionally glanced at her face as he explained his opinion on the subject.
Syra is the seat of several industries, ship-building, tanneries, flour and cotton mills, rope-walks, factories for confectionery ("Turkish delight"), hats, kerchiefs, furniture, pottery and distilleries.
On April 11, 1582, the lords of the council wrote to the lord mayor to the effect that, as " her Majesty sometimes took delight in those pastimes, it had been thought not unfit, having regard to the season of the year and the clearance of the city from infection, to allow of certain companies of players in London, partly that they might thereby xvi.
Oh, the delight with which I gathered up the fruit in my pinafore, pressed my face against the smooth cheeks of the apples, still warm from the sun, and skipped back to the house!
His people hailed every appearance among them with delight, and his visits to various parts of the country were public holidays.
It very often happened that in a moment of irritation husband and wife would have a dispute, but long afterwards Pierre to his surprise and delight would find in his wife's ideas and actions the very thought against which she had argued, but divested of everything superfluous that in the excitement of the dispute he had added when expressing his opinion.
She consulted a Russian priest as to the possibility of divorce and remarriage during a husband's lifetime, and the priest told her that it was impossible, and to her delight showed her a text in the Gospel which (as it seemed to him) plainly forbids remarriage while the husband is alive.
When after a bachelor supper he rose with his amiable and kindly smile, yielding to the entreaties of the festive company to drive off somewhere with them, shouts of delight and triumph arose among the young men.
After Oliver's death Henry hailed with delight the succession of his brother Richard to the office of protector, but although he was now appointed lieutenant and governor general of Ireland, it was only with great reluctance that he remained in that country.
His delight in scenery frequently appears in letters written to his friends during his summer and autumn tours.
Water is everywhere essential to their well-being; and no animals delight more thoroughly in a bath.
It was characteristic of his nature that he should be stirred to such delight by the Revolution in France, and should labour so earnestly to make his countrymen understand with what gravity and sobriety it had been effected..
Artisans came from a great distance to view and honour the image of the popular writer whose best efforts had been dedicated to the cause and the sufferings of the workers of the world; and literary men of all opinions gathered round the grave of one of their brethren whose writings were at once the delight of every boy and the instruction of every man who read them.
Her eyes glowed with both delight and mischief while Jule's mate, Yully, appeared less certain.
There is no evidence of simony in the conclave, and Leo's election was hailed with delight by the Romans on account of his reputation for liberality, kindliness and love of peace.
He took a passionate delight in the pursuit of knowledge from his very infancy, and is reported to have worked out long arithmetical sums by means of pebbles and biscuit crumbs before he knew the figures.
Thus he came at length to stand on the verge of the Indian Ocean; " gazing upon it," a writer has said, " with as much delight as Balboa, when he crossed the Isthmus of Darien from the Atlantic to the Pacific."
They do not make honey for us, like the bees, but many of them are as beautiful as the flowers they light upon, and they always delight the hearts of little children.
It was not difficult, however, to make her understand that there was a present for each child, and to her great delight she was permitted to hand the gifts to the children.
Now he found out that his father's words were true, for a few days of warm weather had turned the green balls into rosebuds, and they were SO beautiful that it was enough to make Birdie stand still before them, his blue eyes dancing with delight and his little hands clasped tightly together.
"The picket is still on the hill, your excellency, just where it was in the evening," reported Rostov, stooping forward with his hand at the salute and unable to repress the smile of delight induced by his ride and especially by the sound of the bullets.
She was delighted if he made a mistake, and made him form the letter over several times.
Everybody there was delighted with Helen, and showered her with gifts and kisses.
Whenever she meets any one who is familiar with this system, she is delighted to use it in 
Helene for her part was sincerely delighted with Natasha and wished to give her a good time.
He was delighted at the unexpected rapidity of his pupil's progress, but could not abandon the edifice of argument he had laboriously constructed.
Peopled the gardens of Versailles rather than by the lessons of his masters, delighted Pope Clement XIV., who, on seeing the St Bruno executed by Houdon for the church of St Maria degli Angeli, said "he would speak, were it not that the rules of his order impose silence."
In 1765 the Thrales became acquainted with Johnson, and the acquaintance ripened fast into friendship. They were astonished and delighted by the brilliancy of his conversation.
It is said that Lord Peterborough supping one night with Rich in his private room, was so delighted with the steak the latter grilled him that he suggested a repetition of the meal the next week.
Natasha, that winter, had for the first time begun to sing seriously, mainly because Denisov so delighted in her singing.
The Egyptians themselves delighted in identifying together goddesses of the most diverse forms and attributes; but Ubasti was almost indistinguishable in form from Tafne.
Montaigne was not altogether delighted at his election to the mayoralty, which promised him two years of responsible if not very hard work.
She was delighted with the orchestra at the hotel, and whenever the music began she danced round the room, hugging and kissing every one she happened to touch.
In his own country, all orders of men, from the emperor Maximilian down, delighted to honour him; and he was the familiar companion of chosen spirits among the statesmen, humanists and reformers of the new age.
She was greatly delighted with the monkeys and kept her hand on the star performer while he went through his tricks, and laughed heartily when he took off his hat to the audience.
Finally he proposed a plan which delighted us all beyond words.
Darian didn't resist, and Damian delighted in the idea that the sound of him breathing meant his brother was truly alive.
He'd been yearning and delighted, even claiming the immortal world to be heaven.
Only the delighted "Uncle" dismounted, and cut off a pad, shaking the hare for the blood to drip off, and anxiously glancing round with restless eyes while his arms and legs twitched.
St Paul delighted to represent it as the " ideal Israel," and St John echoes the thought in the words of praise (Rev. i.
It was at Athens that he seriously began to think of religion, and resolved to seek out the most famous hermit saints in Syria and Arabia, in order to learn from them how to attain to that enthusiastic piety in which he delighted, and how to keep his body under by maceration and other ascetic devices.
My Dear Mr. Anagnos:--You cannot imagine how delighted I was to receive a letter from you last evening.
More was not only a lawyer, a wit, a scholar, and a man of wide general reading; he was also a man of cultivated taste, who delighted in music and painting.
Impressive in matter rather than in manner of delivery, and seldom rising to the level of eloquence in the sense in which that quality was understood in a House which had listened to Bright and Gladstone, his speeches were logical and convincing, and their attractive literary form delighted a wider audience than that which listens to the mere politician.
In 1670, at the instigation of Louis, she visited England and obtained the signature of Charles II.'s ministers to the treaty of Dover; her success in this matter greatly delighted Louis, but it did not improve her relations with Philip, who had long refused his consent to his wife's visit to England.
The people were delighted by the removal of the imperial exedra (a large chamber with open front) in the circus, whereby five thousand additional places were provided.
But it was Blicher's use of patois which delighted his countrymen with a sense of freshness and strength.
He had been disappointed in Italy, to find that he had not much to learn from its famed scholarship; but he had made many friends in Aldus's circle - Marcus Musurus, John Lascaris, Baptista Egnatius, Paul Bombasius, Scipio Carteromachus; and his reception had been flattering, especially in Rome, where cardinals had delighted to honour him.
He restored to the royal domain the lands that had been usurped by the great nobles and by the church; he maintained at Paris a luxurious, though, from the example he himself set, a disorderly court; he was a patron of the arts, and delighted in the exquisite craftsmanship of his treasurer, the goldsmith St Eloi.
I am delighted to meet a compatriot.
Albert, who was a man of great strength and considerable skill in feats of arms, delighted in tournaments and knightly exercises.
The university pulpit, indeed, was closed to him, but several congregations in London delighted in his sermons, and from 1866 until the year of his death he preached annually in Westminster Abbey, where Stanley had become dean in 1863.
Many of the dreams that had delighted my young inexperience became beautifully less and "faded into the light of common day."
Mr. Anagnos was delighted with "The Frost King," and published it in one of the Perkins Institution reports.
We came to Boston last Thursday, and Mr. Anagnos was delighted to see me, and he hugged and kissed me.
I was delighted, for my mind was full of the prospective joys and of the wonderful stories I had heard about the sea.
He was delighted that I could pronounce the words so well, and said that he had no difficulty in understanding me.
The Earl said he should be delighted to visit Tuscumbia the next time he comes to America.
One brief spring, musical with the song of robin and mocking-bird, one summer rich in fruit and roses, one autumn of gold and crimson sped by and left their gifts at the feet of an eager, delighted child.
Whenever anything delighted or interested me she talked it over with me just as if she were a little girl herself.
When on the eve of St John's Day, 1510, the king in the habit of a yeoman of his own guard saw the famous march of the city watch, he was so delighted that on the following St Peter's Eve he again attended in Cheapside to see the march, but this time he was accompanied by the queen and the principal nobility.
Ficino, like nearly all the scholars of that age in Italy, delighted in country lfe.
Thenceforth he violently attacked whatever was considered modern and enlightened, and while he delighted society with his numerous sensational pamphlets, he aroused the fear and hatred of his opponents by his stinging wit.
Confess that this is delightful, said he.
He was such a delightful old man, and it was so dark in the forest... and he had such kind...
"What a delightful woman this little princess is!" said Prince Vasili to Anna Pavlovna.
He had a wealth of happy stories which made him the most delightful of companions in the homes of his people.
Owing to its delightful climate and its attractive situation it has become a favourite health resort.
"Oh, how delightful it is!" she kept saying, running up to Sonya.
It's delightful in this campground with a singing brook outside my door, serenading me as I work.
There were things he still needed to sort out and Carmen was a distraction – a delightful one for sure, but a distraction all the same.
Additionally, there was a delightful backyard and three acres of land.
The "cream of really good society" consisted of the fascinating Helene, forsaken by her husband, Mortemart, the delightful Prince Hippolyte who had just returned from Vienna, two diplomatists, the old aunt, a young man referred to in that drawing room as "a man of great merit" (un homme de beaucoup de merite), a newly appointed maid of honor and her mother, and several other less noteworthy persons.
We spent a delightful week with the "doctors."
In this exquisite and ingenious kind of work the design appears to be growing up from the depths of the metal, and a delightful impression of atmosphere and water is obtained.
The smallest state has lots of small people; delightful children everywhere, but alas, now there is one less.
You know our kind teachers take us to see everything which they think will interest us, and we learn a great deal in that delightful way.
In the Gustefson home resides a delightful young lady for whom I have special plans.
Though this town is delightful, it's against my principles to remain in one place for an extended duration.
Rhodes was famed in ancient times for its delightful climate, and it still maintains its former reputation.
The scenery in and about the city is noted for its picturesqueness, and this, with its delightful summer climate and historic interest, attracts a large number of visitors during the summer season.
His punch, with which he let me play, was a delightful toy.
By far his best work was the spontaneous and delightful Reminiscences of a Highland Parish (1867).
The late afternoon was delightful as he wound his way through the city streets north of town.
When once fairly reseated at his task, he proceeded in this delightful retreat leisurely, yet rapidly, to its completion.
It was he who gave their first really artistic impulse to the kilns of Awata, Mizoro and Iwakura, whence so many delightful specimens of faience issued almost without interruption until the middle of the 19th century and continue to issue to-day.
It is built on a picturesque promontory which separates the waters of Green Bay from Little Bay de Noquette, and its delightful summer climate, wild landscape scenery and facilities for boating and trout fishing make it a popular summer resort.
A delightful essay on Garrick appeared in the Quarterly Review (July 1868), directing attention to the admirable criticisms of Garrick's acting in 1775 in the letters of G.
His Scholia to ' The stories, including the delightful history of the courting of Rebekah by proxy, are due to the oldest narrators.
In the west the climate is generally delightful, it being there greatly affected by the warm, dry " Chinook " wind which blows from the Pacific Ocean; to some extent the wind modifies the temperature nearly to the eastern border.
The higher summits in the south are above the tree line and expose great areas of bare rock: mountaineering is here a delightful summer recreation, with camps in the highland forests and ascents to the lofty peaks.
Here in summer, and in the town during winter, Rousseau led a delightful life, which he has delightfully described.
The delightful scenery of mountains, lakes, streams and woodlands gives to the greater part of New Hampshire, which is in the New England physiographic province, the appearance of a vast and beautiful park; and the state is a favourite summer resort.
But the Frenchman Budaeus wrote an execrable Latin style, unreadable then as now, while the Teuton Erasmus charmed the reading world with a style which, though far from good Latin, is the most delightful which the Renaissance has left us.
His day was thus one of incessant mental activity; but hard work was so far from breeding a distaste for his occupation, that reading and writing grew ever more delightful to him (literarum assiduitas non modo mihi fastidium non pant, sed voluptatem; crescit scribendo scribendi studium).
It is the Tsure-zure-gusa (Materials/or Dispelling Ennui), by KenkO-bOshi, described by Mr Aston as one of the most delightful oases in Japanese literature; a collection of short sketches, anecdotes and essays on all imaginable subjects, something in the manner of Seldens Table Talk.
But of all his works the most delightful is his Essay on the Literary Character (1795), which, like most of his writings, abounds in illustrative anecdotes.
Some of the more important of his contributions to Blackwood were embodied in two delightful volumes, The Book Hunter (1862) and The Scot Abroad (1864).
In addition to the park in the south-western district, Frankfort possesses two delightful pleasure grounds, which attract large numbers of visitors, the Palmengarten in the west and the zoological garden in the east of the city.
Mount Hope (216 ft.), on the eastern side, commands delightful views of landscape, bay and river scenery.
The village, which is connected by stage with the station, is situated at the junction of two valleys and commands delightful views of mountain scenery.
An abbreviation of this work, which as a book of travel is even more delightful than its predecessors, was published in 1894, shortly after the author's death, with a brief introductory notice by Lord Aberdare.
In these his language is vigorous and dignified; he states the results of his labour and thought with freshness and lucidity; tells numberless stories in a most delightful manner, and exhibits a wonderful talent for the representation of personal character; the many portraits of historic persons of all orders which he draws in these prefaces are as brilliant in execution as they are exact and convincing.
A close observer of the multifarious low life of Hungary, Mikszath has, in his short stories, given a delightful yet instructive picture of all the minor varied phases of the peasant life of the Sla y s, the Palocok, the Saxons, the town artisan.
SaintSimon is described as the most estimable and lovable of men, and the most delightful in his relations; he is the worthiest of philosophers.
One more point: delighting your customers can become your competitive advantage. One of the challenges in business is to create a competitive advantage that your competitors can’t copy.
She sighed, delighting in the tender moment.
They were enduring of toil, hunger, and cold whenever fortune laid it on them, given to hunting and hawking, delighting in the pleasure of horses, and of all the weapons and garb of war.
As their reputation grew he travelled all over the country, delighting large audiences with his quaint humour and natural pathos.
While "Lewis Carroll" was delighting children of all ages, C. L.
Hilde here figures as a typical Valkyr delighting in battle and bloodshed, who frustrates a reconciliation.
In structure the jays are not readily differentiated from the pies; but in habit they are much more arboreal, delighting in thick coverts, seldom appearing in the open, and seeking their food on or under trees.
From 1770 onwards lived side by side with this king, rather than at his side, the archduchess Marie Antoinette of Austria one of the very graceful and very frivolous women Ma,* who were to be found at Versailles, opening to life A~7,i,toa like the flowers she so much loved, enamoured of pleasure and luxury, delighting to free herself from the formalities of court life, and mingling in the amusements of society; lovable and loving, without ceasing to be virtuous.
In the twentieth year his cousin Ananda became a mendicant, and from that time seems to have attended on the Buddha, being constantly near him, and delighting to render him all the personal service which love and reverence could suggest.
He has left an odious picture of himself in the historians - a man untouched by benefits or natural affection, delighting in deeds of blood, his body as loathsome in its blown corpulence as his soul.
from Arabia, delighting the gods with his fragrance and rising from the sinking flames of the morning glow, was enough to suggest most of the traits materialized in the classical pictures of the phoenix.
These elements are, briefly stated, (1) a strong partiality for subjects dealing with humble life, in country and town, with the fun of taverns and village greens, with that domestic life in the rough which goes to the making of the earlier farces in English and French; (2) a whimsical, elfin kind of wit, delighting in extravagance and topsy-turviness; (3) a frank interest in the pleasures of good company and good drink.
He was at heart a chivalrous adventurer delighting in war for wars sake; he was not dt~stitute of a consciencehis undutiful conduct to his father sat heavily on his soul when that father was once dead; he had a strong sense of knightly honor and a certain magnanimity of soul in times of crisis; but he was harsh, thriftless, often cruel, generally lacking in firmness and continuity of purpose, always careless of his subjects welfare when it interfered with his pleasure or his ambitions of the moment.
She snuggled close to him, delighting in the way his hands caressed her waist and hips.
All the best of me belongs to her--there is not a talent, or an aspiration or a joy in me that has not been awakened by her loving touch.
This philosophical sceptic is full of humble joy in salvation, of deep love for the Saviour.
Every Maori was a soldier, and war was the chief business and joy of his life.
Joy deserted my heart, and for a long, long time I lived in doubt, anxiety and fear.
Though the believers know the grace of God they are not filled with a knowledge of his will, so that their conduct is lacking in that strength and joy and perfection, that richness of the fulness of knowledge expected of those who had been made full in Christ (i.
On the rest of the way to Moscow, though the princess' position was not a cheerful one, Dunyasha, who went with her in the carriage, more than once noticed that her mistress leaned out of the window and smiled at something with an expression of mingled joy and sorrow.
The memory of it is a joy forever.
It "is celebrated by the very people who did observe it, in hundreds of hymns, which would fill volumes, as a day of rest and joy, of presentiment of the pure bliss and happiness which are stored up for the righteous in the world to come" (S.
The two friends by their united force succeed in killing the bull, and then after performing certain votive and purification rites return to Erech, where they are hailed with joy In this adventure it is clearly Eabani who is artificially introduced in order to maintain the association with Gilgamesh.
At nightfall, "sobbing for excess of joy," the crusaders came to the Sepulchre from their treading of the winepress, and put their blood-stained hands together in prayer.
On the faces of all was one common expression of joy at the commencement of the long-expected campaign and of rapture and devotion to the man in the gray coat who was standing on the hill.
I clung to her, trembling with joy to feel the earth under my feet once more.
He knew only of those things that give joy and health and peace.
His purpose is to restore in the hearts of the readers the joy of the Spirit, by making them see that Christ fulfils every need, and that through faith in Him and love from faith, the advance is made unimpeded unto the perfect man.
Suddenly, to his great joy he saw little Lucy Martin lean over her desk and whisper to the girl in front of her.
I took my "Reader for Beginners" and hunted for the words I knew; when I found them my joy was like that of a game of hide-and-seek.
His joy was complete when on the 10th of March 1811 she bore him a son who was destined to bear the empty titles of "king of Rome" and "Napoleon II."
The lead is variable in the Stephenson link motion, whilst in the Walschaert and the Joy gears it is constant.
All types of valves are with few exceptions operated by a link motion, generally of the Stephenson type, occasionally of the Allan type or the Gooch type, or with some form of radial gear as the Joy gear or the Walschaert gear, though the latter gear has characteristics which ally it with the link motions.
It is an eternal weakness in our moral being which makes us constantly squint aside from the thought of duty towards the forbidden motive - wincing under pain, or hungering after joy, 1 Mansel's term for Kant's " practical."
 "I have seen many men" (wrote Sir William Kingston, governor of the Tower) "and also women executed, and all they have been in great sorrow, and to my knowledge this lady has much joy and pleasure in death."
Finding the usual crowd of beggars before St Peter's, he exchanged his clothes with one of them, and experienced an overpowering joy in spending the day begging among the rest.
In 1758 he returned with mingled joy and regret to England, and was kindly received at home.
My spirit could not reach up to his, but he gave me a real sense of joy in life, and I never left him without carrying away a fine thought that grew in beauty and depth of meaning as I grew.
One day there was a great shout on the ship for the people saw the land and they were full of joy because they had reached a new country safely.
I hope your Christmas Day will be a very happy one and that the New Year will be full of brightness and joy for you and every one.
I hope the glad news which you will tell them will make their hearts beat fast with joy and love.
To his joy, of their faith, hope and love; of the order and stability of their faith; and of their reception of Christ Jesus the Lord (i.
But at the door she stopped as if her conscience reproached her for having in her joy left the child too soon, and she glanced round.
Then comes hope with a smile and whispers, "There is joy in self-forgetfulness."
It is said that he expired in a sudden transport of joy upon hearing the news of the vote at Westminster for the restoration of Charles II.
The Parisians received the news of the event with joy, believing that freedom was now at last to be established on a firm basis by the man whose name was the synonym for victory in the field and disinterestedness in civil affairs.
 I will not dissemble the first emotions of joy on the recovery of my freedom, and, perhaps, the establishment of my fame.
The beads were sewed in the right place and I could not contain myself for joy; but     immediately I lost all interest in the doll.
The next morning I awoke with joy in my heart.
When the children saw the trees all aglow with brilliant colors they clapped their hands and shouted for joy, and immediately began to pick great bunches to take home.
26 (God gives joy to him who pleases him, amd makes the sinner toil to lay up for the latter), 
Maybe you would have lost her anyway, but at least we would have had some joy for a while.
Breathless with joy, Pierre ran to the little girl and was going to take her in his arms.
He had taken out his new Lotus Elise and gone for a joy ride first.
The Tin Woodman loved Dorothy most tenderly, and welcomed with joy the return of the little old Wizard.
Could the joy of love, of earthly love for a man, be for her?
My thoughts flowed easily; I felt a sense of joy in the composition.
In that moment of obvious joy, Alondra barely had an accent.
My heart is singing for joy this morning.
"The eggs... the eggs are teaching the hen," muttered the count through tears of joy, and he embraced his wife who was glad to hide her look of shame on his breast.
That living word awakened my soul, gave it light, hope, joy, set it free!
Pierre had first experienced this strange and fascinating feeling at the Sloboda Palace, when he had suddenly felt that wealth, power, and life--all that men so painstakingly acquire and guard--if it has any worth has so only by reason of the joy with which it can all be renounced.
All the best of me belongs to her--there is not a talent, or an aspiration or a joy in me that has not been awakened by her loving touch.
The three likely candidates for the Holy See were Cardinals Borgia, Ascanio Sforza and Giuliano della Rovere; at no previous or subsequent election were such immense sums of money spent on bribery, and Borgia by his great wealth succeeded in buying the largest number of votes, including that of Sforza, and to his intense joy he was elected on the Loth of August 1492, assuming the name of Alexander VI.
This philosophical sceptic is full of humble joy in salvation, of deep love for the Saviour.
Every Maori was a soldier, and war was the chief business and joy of his life.
The harbour was our joy, our paradise.
There are such words as joy and sorrow, but they are only the burden of a psalm, sung with a nasal twang, while we believe in the ordinary and mean.
Joy deserted my heart, and for a long, long time I lived in doubt, anxiety and fear.
Eventually Alex would come around, and working on the room together would be joy shared.
Then, to his great joy, a ship came near and anchored in the little harbor.
That is why I experienced such joy when I felt that I loved that man.
Though the believers know the grace of God they are not filled with a knowledge of his will, so that their conduct is lacking in that strength and joy and perfection, that richness of the fulness of knowledge expected of those who had been made full in Christ (i.
On the rest of the way to Moscow, though the princess' position was not a cheerful one, zyasha, who went with her in the carriage, more than once noticed that her mistress leaned out of the window and smiled at something with an expression of mingled joy and sorrow.
The memory of it is a joy forever.
It "is celebrated by the very people who did observe it, in hundreds of hymns, which would fill volumes, as a day of rest and joy, of presentiment of the pure bliss and happiness which are stored up for the righteous in the world to come".
There was no joy in life, yet life was passing.
She expected joy at the offer but felt wary instead.
The two friends by their united force succeed in killing the bull, and then after performing certain votive and purification rites return to Erech, where they are hailed with joy In this adventure it is clearly Eabani who is artificially introduced in order to maintain the association with Gilgamesh.
From what she knew of the Oracle, Sofi was probably dancing in joy right now, knowing she won a round with Xander.
If they could only bring back the joy they once shared — the trust.
There is no greater joy for an artist than to know their work is in the hands of someone who truly understands it.
On the faces of all was one common expression of joy at the commencement of the long-expected campaign and of rapture and devotion to the man in the gray coat who was standing on the hill.
At nightfall, "sobbing for excess of joy," the crusaders came to the Sepulchre from their treading of the winepress, and put their blood-stained hands together in prayer.
Three days later the latter town surrendered, amid demonstrations of joy on the part of the inhabitants.
His purpose is to restore in the hearts of the readers the joy of the Spirit, by making them see that Christ fulfils every need, and that through faith in Him and love from faith, the advance is made unimpeded unto the perfect man.
Suddenly, to his great joy he saw little Lucy Martin lean over her desk and whisper to the girl in front of her.
Fill our hearts with joy and gladness, that ever having of all things a sufficiency, we may superabound in all good works, in Christ Jesus our Lord, &c.'" The writer then enjoins that, "if two or three other virgins are present, they also shall give thanks over the bread set out, and join in the prayers.
The lead is variable in the Stephenson link motion, whilst in the Walschaert and the Joy gears it is constant.
Cavour was filled with joy at the turn affairs had taken, for Austria now appeared as the aggressor.
His joy was complete when on the 10th of March 1811 she bore him a son who was destined to bear the empty titles of "king of Rome" and "Napoleon II."
It is an eternal weakness in our moral being which makes us constantly squint aside from the thought of duty towards the forbidden motive - wincing under pain, or hungering after joy, 1 Mansel's term for Kant's " practical."
To his joy, of their faith, hope and love; of the order and stability of their faith; and of their reception of Christ Jesus the Lord. 
Gazing at the high starry sky, at the moon, at the comet, and at the glow from the fire, Pierre experienced a joyful emotion.
Karataev had told it to him alone some half-dozen times and always with a specially joyful emotion.
But when she heard of Prince Andrew's presence in their house, despite her sincere pity for him and for Natasha, she was seized by a joyful and superstitious feeling that God did not intend her to be separated from Nicholas.
Pierre pushed forward as fast as he could, and the farther he left Moscow behind and the deeper he plunged into that sea of troops the more was he overcome by restless agitation and a new and joyful feeling he had not experienced before.
As they were going round the Sukharev water tower Natasha, who was inquisitively and alertly scrutinizing the people driving or walking past, suddenly cried out in joyful surprise.
His first unconscious feeling of joyful animation produced by the sights and sounds of the battlefield was now replaced by another, especially since he had seen that soldier lying alone in the hayfield.
Something that is joyful causes happiness and pleasure.
Someone who is joyful is extremely happy.
To show me how joyful dependence could look.
It was a quietly joyful moment for this parent.
Their loved ones would have no joyful celebrations.
It was ending with the couple looking joyful and radiant.
It is better for the bees and it is a joyful thing to look at.
The feeling was that the picture conveyed a joyful and momentous moment in their lives in a way that was arresting and memorable
It seems that we don't always notice the joyful moments we experience.
It's given a lot of joyful moments.
 Still, there is enough joyful noise and radical optimism here to charm all but the most militant prog rock fan. 
The memories are joyful, painful, full of life and love.
"Come to your Papa at once, please!" said she with a strange, excited look.
The French, excited by all that had happened, were talking loudly among themselves, but as they passed Dolokhov who gently switched his boots with his whip and watched them with cold glassy eyes that boded no good, they became silent.
So this is the meaning of her excited, resolute, unnatural look the day before yesterday, yesterday, and today, thought Sonya.
Natasha with animated and excited face was telling him how she had gone to look for mushrooms the previous summer and had lost her way in the big forest.
Natasha, animated and excited, looked about her with wide-open frightened eyes and seemed merrier than usual.
Rostov, in dismay, began justifying himself, but seeing the kindly, jocular face of the general, he took him aside and in an excited voice told him the whole affair, asking him to intercede for Denisov, whom the general knew.
Through the door came the sounds of Kutuzov's voice, excited and dissatisfied, interrupted by another, an unfamiliar voice.
That so clear-headed a man could have credited the lies of Oates and the other perjurers is beyond belief; and the manner in which he excited baseless alarms, and encouraged fanatic cruelty, for nothing but party advantage, is without excuse.
The countess looked with timid horror at her son's eager, excited face as he said this.
Boris was excited by the thought of being so close to the higher powers as he felt himself to be at that moment.
His appointment as rector of a school at Buda was of no long continuance; his views excited the zeal of the Dominicans and he was thrown into prison.
This discovery excited him.
Generals on the staff, excited by the memory of the easy victory at Tarutino, urged Kutuzov to carry out Dorokhov's suggestion.
Like wind over leaves ran an excited whisper: They're coming!
He glanced with pity at the excited face of Ilyin, who talked much and in great agitation.
He kept telling himself that he would consider the whole matter and decide what was right and how he should act, but instead of that he only excited himself more and more.
And the risk to which he would expose his life by carrying out his design excited him still more.
They just got all excited and had me hold a couple of rooms.
Excited to see that even this world had video games, she sat in the chair behind the buttons and screen, studying all three in an attempt to figure out how the game worked.
And the excited, alien face of that man, his bayonet hanging down, holding his breath, and running so lightly, frightened Rostov.
That's why we were so excited to come out here, to visit where it really happened!
I got a call from this one lady who was as excited as a bear in a beehive.
Sonya was softened, excited, and touched by all that had occurred that day, especially by the mysterious fulfillment she had just seen of her vision.
Cynthia, usually much more reserved, was as excited as Dean could remember.
Petya's eyes grew bloodshot, and still more excited by the danger of being crushed, he rushed at the biscuits.
Many other orators spoke after the excited nobleman, and all in the same tone.
A few minutes later Prince Andrew rang and Natasha went to him, but Sonya, feeling unusually excited and touched, remained at the window thinking about the strangeness of what had occurred.
Pierre, however, felt excited, and the general desire to show that they were ready to go to all lengths--which found expression in the tones and looks more than in the substance of the speeches--infected him too.
Boris noticed Arakcheev's excited face when the sovereign went out with Balashev.
The Emperor moved forward evidently wishing to end the conversation, but the flushed and excited Italian, oblivious of decorum, followed him and continued to speak.
The Emperor passed on to the drawing room, the crowd made a rush for the doors, and several persons with excited faces hurried there and back again.
The spacecraft's door opened, and her excitement grew.
She quieted a sudden rush of excitement with a reminder that he was probably being paid to visit.
It very often happened that in a moment of irritation husband and wife would have a dispute, but long afterwards Pierre to his surprise and delight would find in his wife's ideas and actions the very thought against which she had argued, but divested of everything superfluous that in the excitement of the dispute he had added when expressing his opinion.
The unaccustomed coarse food, the vodka he drank during those days, the absence of wine and cigars, his dirty unchanged linen, two almost sleepless nights passed on a short sofa without bedding--all this kept him in a state of excitement bordering on insanity.
The excitement at the coop had cost Alex his chance to watch a birth, but he accepted the loss in good humor.
Toni was almost prancing with her excitement to get close to him.
Or maybe that kind of excitement existed only in newfound relationships.
Sunday morning broke with a surge of nervous excitement as 2,000 cyclists oozed out of Cortez, Colorado, bound for their first day's destination 46 miles distant.
He was in a state of suppressed excitement and irritation, though controlledly calm as a man is at the approach of a long-awaited moment.
Events in Rome produced widespread excitement throughout Europe.
The faces all expressed animation and apprehension, but it seemed to Pierre that the cause of the excitement shown in some of these faces lay chiefly in questions of personal success; his mind, however, was occupied by the different expression he saw on other faces--an expression that spoke not of personal matters but of the universal questions of life and death.
The countess, who heard at once from the maids what had happened at the lodge, was calmed by the thought that now their affairs would certainly improve, but on the other hand felt anxious as to the effect this excitement might have on her son.
` Must ' elephants are males in a condition of - probably sexual - excitement, when an abundant discharge of dark oily matter exudes from two pores in the forehead.
Mademoiselle Bourienne, also roused to great excitement by Anatole's arrival, thought in another way.
But what is best of all," he went on, his excitement subsiding under the delightful interest of his own story, "is that the sergeant in charge of the cannon which was to give the signal to fire the mines and blow up the bridge, this sergeant, seeing that the French troops were running onto the bridge, was about to fire, but Lannes stayed his hand.
She vividly pictured herself as Prince Andrew's wife, and the scenes of happiness with him she had so often repeated in her imagination, and at the same time, aglow with excitement, recalled every detail of yesterday's interview with Anatole.
"He exists, but to understand Him is hard," the Mason began again, looking not at Pierre but straight before him, and turning the leaves of his book with his old hands which from excitement he could not keep still.
With that sudden rush of excitement came the realization that she had gone an entire day without longing for him.
His hearers expected a story of how beside himself and all aflame with excitement, he had flown like a storm at the square, cut his way in, slashed right and left, how his saber had tasted flesh and he had fallen exhausted, and so on.
My treasure! and Prokofy, trembling with excitement, rushed toward the drawing-room door, probably in order to announce him, but, changing his mind, came back and stooped to kiss the young man's shoulder.
Her head was tipped back so that she could see his face and her excitement was personified in the dancing of her pony tail.
Her heart lurched at the sight of him, and her blood began flying through her in a mixture of excitement and desire.
"Insomnia or excitement at learning all about your great-aunt?" he asked.
What was it about him that filled her with such a feeling of contentment and excitement at the same time?
Almost shrieking in excitement, Jenn snatched the scroll and ran.
Everyone was exceptionally friendly as hundreds of bicyclists wandered about, chatting and smiling, with a hint of nervous excitement in their voices.
At the beginning of 1860, when the excitement of the gold discoveries was wearing off, five of the states had received from the home government the boon of responsible government, and were in a position to work out the problem of their position without external interference; it was not, however, until 1890 that Western Australia was placed in a similar position.
Unable to contain his excitement, he started out ahead of her, turning to make sure she was following.
Even so, Alex was a blend of excitement and security for her.
It was bad enough that she probably smelled, but the warmth from his body combined with the excitement of his proximity left her feeling a little nauseous.
Then came the news of the Five Days of Milan, which produced the wildest excitement in Turin; unless First war the army were sent to assist the struggling Lombards of Italy at once the dynasty was in jeopardy.
Her glittering eyes, filled with childlike fear and excitement, rested on him without changing their expression.
She greeted the room full of people with apprehension, her interaction with his sisters with pleasure, her introduction to the clan leaders and her position of master battle planner with both excitement and awe.
His mind, excitable by nature, very imperfectly disciplined by education, and exposed to the enthusiasm which was then epidemic in England, began to be fearfully disordered.
They, and also the inhabitants of central Italy, are more industrious than the inhabitants of the southern provinces, who have by no means recovered from centuries of misgovernment and oppression, and are naturally more hot-blooded and excitable, but less stable, capable of organization or trustworthy.
The thoroughbred is apt to be nervous and excitable, and impatient of common work, but its speed, resolution and endurance, as tested on the race-course, are beyond praise.
In 1568 he was appointed lieutenant-general to Don John of Austria during the suppression of the Morisco revolt in Granada, and he also accompanied Don John during the Lepanto campaign, his function being to watch and control his nominal commanderin-chief, whose excitable temperament was distrusted by the king.
The miners were an energetic, covetous, wandering, abnormally excitable body of men.
Leo was by nature highly excitable and almost insanely passionate, though at the same time strictly honourable, unselfish, and in private intercourse even gentle.
But he did not remain long in Paris, for, being a nervous and excitable boy, his health broke down, and he yearned for his home in Franche-Comte.
It should have been an exciting discovery.
In 1760 he published a work entitled Les Toulousaines, advocating the rights of the Protestants; and he afterwards established at Paris an agency for collecting information as to their sufferings, and for exciting general interest in their cause.
The name radiometer arose from an idea that the final steady speed of rotation might be utilized as a rough measure of the intensity of the exciting radiation.
While Dean enjoyed the spectacle of the exciting contest, he harbored no envy toward its participants.
Whether that could be, Darnley dictating while still hot from the exciting interchange of words which he meant to report, is a question for psychologists.
In the exciting contest for the presidency in the house of representatives between Jefferson and Burr, it was Gallatin who led the Republicans.
There was something exciting and yet soothing about the way they sat, with her back leaning against his chest.
For the queen and royal family the Crimean War time was a very busy and exciting one.
Usually, he was simply Alex – as exciting as that might be.
From the earliest times the shepherd, the farmer, the horticulturist, and the " fancier " had for practical purposes made themselves acquainted with a number of biological laws, and successfully applied them without exciting more than an occasional notice from the academic students of biology.
In the popular mind the hosts of exciting oriental cults, which in the 3rd and 4th centuries of the Empire filled Rome with the rites of mysticism and initiation, held undisputed sway; and with the more educated a revived philosophy, less accurate perhaps in thought, but more satisfying to the religious conscience, gave men a clearer monotheistic conception, and a notion of individual relations with the divine in prayer and even of consecration.
In the various reactions of the tissues against the exciting cause of the injury we see a striking example of a beautifully organized plan of attack and defence on the part of the organism.
On the 6th of November 1766, Lagrange was installed in his new position, with a salary of 6000 francs, ample leisure for scientific research, and royal favour sufficient to secure him respect without exciting envy.
His speech and tone, however, were moderate on these exciting subjects, and he claimed the right to stand free of pledges, and to adjust his opinions and his course by the development of circumstances.
The psychopathic, the tubercular, the rickety, and the gouty constitution may all be transmitted through a line of ascendants, and only require the necessary exciting agents to render them apparent.
Fillmore presided over the senate during the exciting debates on the " Compromise Measures of 1850."1850."
He cannot, like them, cover the greater part of a specimens surface with a lacework of transparent decoration, exciting wonder that pate deprived so greatly of continuity could have been manipulated without accident.
The oscillations are controlled either by a key inserted in the primary circuit of the exciting induction coil or transformer, or by a key cutting in and out of the primary condensers or throwing inductance in and out of the closed oscillation circuit.
In the case of the inductive mode of exciting the oscillations an important quantity is the coefficient of coupling of the two oscillation circuits.
With the more critical and exciting events of the 19th of Brumaire at St Cloud Talleyrand had no direct connexion; but he had made all his preparations for flight in case the blow failed.
In the early days of the Republican party, when the shameful scenes of the Kansas struggle were exciting the whole country, and during the campaigns of 1857 and 1858, he became known as an effective speaker and ardent anti-slavery man.
It would be so exciting once they were married.
In the autumn of 397 Rufinus embarked for Rome, where, finding that the theological controversies of the East were exciting much interest and curiosity, he published a Latin translation of the Apology of Pamphilus for Origen, and also (398-99) a somewhat free rendering of the 7rep1 apXwv (or De Principiis) of that author himself.
The architecture was fantastic, but not near as exciting as the ride on a ferry.
The exciting cause of the hypertrophy, in the case of the typical galls, appears to be a minute quantity of some irritating fluid, or virus, secreted by the female insect, and deposited with her egg in the puncture made by her ovipositor in the cortical or foliaceous parts of plants.
Gladstone in his reply - his first speech in the House - avowed that he had a pecuniary interest in the question, " and, if he might say so much without exciting suspicion, a still deeper interest in it as a question of justice, of humanity and of religion."
What are you thumping the table for?" she demanded of the hussar, "and why are you exciting yourself?
His fingers slid down her cheek in an exciting caress as his gaze searched her face hungrily.
"Isn't this exciting?" she squealed.
It was an exciting chase of king by king, in which each covered the ground by incredible exertions, shedding their slower-going followers as they went, past Rhagae (Rai) and the Caspian gates, till early one morning Alexander came in sight of the broken train which still clung to the fallen king.
Schunwald, &c.); Geza Gardonyi (several novels containing the adventures, observations, &c., of Mr Gabriel Gore; A kekszemii Davidkdne, " Blue-eyed Mrs Davidka "; A Kdtsa, scenes from gipsy life); Charles Murai (Vig tortenetek, " Jolly Stories "; Bandi, a collection of short tales); Stephen Barsony (Csend, " Silence "; A Kameleon-ledny, " The Chamaeleon Girl, and other Stories "; Erd3n-mez5n, " In Wood and Field ").
He had already surrounded himself with that characteristically Petrine institution "the jolly company," or "the company," as it was generally called, consisting of all his numerous personal friends and casual acquaintances.
Hertford struck at Edinburgh in May, and in the leader's own words " made a jolly fire "and did much mischief.
He has two neighbours, who live still farther north; one is King Winter, a cross and churlish old monarch, who is hard and cruel, and delights in making the poor suffer and weep; but the other neighbour is Santa Claus, a fine, good-natured, jolly old soul, who loves to do good, and who brings presents to the poor, and to nice little children at Christmas.
The sole name he retained was Mick, the jolly outgoing spokesman for the group, who seemed to know all of the others.
Not till 1880, after the fall of the ministry of Jolly, was a reconciliation with Rome effected; in 1882 the archbishopric of Freiburg was again filled up. The political tendency of Baden, meanwhile, mirrored that of all Germany.
In 1867, on the accession to the premiership of Julius von Jolly (1823-1891), several constitutional changes in a Liberal direction were made; responsibility of ministers, freedom of the press, compulsory education.
You're a jolly good feller.Captain Sharp bought the dog, paying forty pieces of eight for him, with the understanding that the money should go into the "jollification fund." 
We had a midnight lunch too after all the jollification and when we sallied forth it was blue o'clock the morning after the night before.' 
The people made a great public holiday of it and there was much feasting, dancing, fireworks, speech-making and jollification.
We have tennis, golf, picnics, sails, and constant jollification, but I don't seem to enjoy it all as I did last summer.
"The dinner isn't quite appropriate for a jollification," Kitty observed anxiously.
"Not a bit; we'll have a real jollification, because Nancy has some good news to tell you."' 
Sometimes, when the marines or sailors had any special jollification, they were permitted to invite "Plain-Buttons," as they called him. 
In fact, it was a noisy jollification and many people were shocked.   
Everybody was in a very relaxed and jolly mood.
She's a very jolly, upbeat sort of a person.
She was a jolly, kindhearted woman.
Your mother is a jolly, easy - going woman.
I jolly well told him what I thought of him.
The atmosphere was festive and jolly.
I know she's trying to jolly me along.
He can cook, and he does it jolly well.
Jolly him up and get the job done.
The boss will certainly be jolly angry.
I'd got myself into this marriage and I jolly well had to get myself out of it.
She's not a person that you can jolly with.
It was jolly lucky it didn't rain.
We spent a very jolly evening together, chatting and drinking.
That's a jolly nice scarf you're wearing.
If you don't come now, you can jolly well walk home!
jolly him along a bit, but he'll do a good job.
Our table you know, and we were far and away the jolliest of the lot.
she was one of the jolliest of the staff and they had never seen her like this before.
She's a jolly good teacher.
I'll try to jolly my parents into letting me borrow the car this weekend.
It's jolly nippy today, isn't it?
It was jolly hard work, but I loved it.
She looks so sad;see if you can jolly her along a bit.
I'm going to jolly well tell her what I think of her!
We had a jolly time with the family.
She had a very jolly time in Korea.
It was all jolly good fun .
I thought I'd jolly the room up with some colourful curtains.
I love the bright yellow you've painted the children's room - it makes it look really jolly.
Right, I'm going to clear up, and you can jolly well help me.
She didn't really want to go to the party, so we had to jolly her along a bit.
The influence of a particular planet has also lef t traces in various languages; but the French and English jovial and the English saturnine correspond rather to the gods who served as types in chiromancy than to the planets which bear the same names.
He fought as a volunteer in the Franco-German War (1870-I) and then studied at different universities, retaining throughout his subsequent career a good deal of the jovial (burschikos) manner of a German student.
And indeed everybody in the room looked with a smile of pleasure at the jovial old gentleman, who standing beside his tall and stout partner, Marya Dmitrievna, curved his arms, beat time, straightened his shoulders, turned out his toes, tapped gently with his foot, and, by a smile that broadened his round face more and more, prepared the onlookers for what was to follow.
Rabelais is the incarnation of the "esprit Gaulois," a jovial, careless soul, not destitute of common sense or even acute intellectual power, but first of all a good fellow, rather preferring a broad jest to a'fine-pointed one, and rollicking through life like a good-natured undergraduate.
Father Whittaker appeared to be in a jovial mood.
He seemed a very jovial chap.
He was falsely jovial, with his booming, mirthless laugh.
When we next met, he was much more jovial.
Michael was in a jovial and optimistic mood.
Judging by his jovial manner he must have enjoyed his meal.
He was in a jovial mood.
He addressed me in a jovial manner.
On this occasion he was in a jovial, even bantering mood, as I stood beside him facing the camera.
Sentencedict.com is a sentence dictionary, on which you can find excellent sentences for a large number of words.
But Jefferson just nodded, not in his usual jovial manner, and walked off with Brian Harley.
Her brother, jovial Fabio Sementilli, reinvented his models with gusto while clad in a kilt.
He was a big, happy-go-lucky jovial chap, ever smiling and pleasant.
Before it he had been a loud, jovial man, given to spontaneous bursts of affection.
He had a round face made jovial by bright, almost boyish eyes and eyebrows ridiculously small for a man his size.
Jove could make jovial; but these were not gods of last resort.
Luigi, the fat, jovial owner, greeted Michele like an old friend.
He spent the morning in jovial mood as guest of honour at a sponsorship of the arts award ceremony.
He was working hard to seem jovial.
Their locker room Monday was as jovial as any could be, especially considering their 2-4 record.
Gone in an instant was that jovial giant, that golden boy, that chestnut-haired youth whom everyone admired.
I was appalled to hear his jovial, jocular style.
Those that did turn up enjoyed the jovial atmosphere and frantic dancing ensued, except at the home-town concert in Middleton.
Henry was large and jovial and partly bald, while Jimmy was small and rather lugubrious in appearance and hailed from Glasgow.
The jovial anchorman on the local news reaches into the pocket of his blazer and extracts a fortune cookie.
You see, while his manner towards you may have seemed jovial enough, in reality he was involved in a feud.
I was excited about the prospect, but quickly realised that this was not the time to share my jovial mood.
Major Jack Tilley warmed up the troops much in the fashion of a jovial high school principal preparing students for graduation.
One Lancashire grandfather's warm hospitality was more dubiously remembered: he was a very jovial man.
There was a sea of dinner-jacketed dignitaries and a jovial Sir Peter Ustinov as warm-up man.
He also very frequently filled the post of head godfather in baptisms of the subtly - jovial kind.
We still contemplate and .consider; we still speak of men as jovial, saturnine or mercurial; we still talk of the ascendancy of genius, or a disastrous defeat.
He had already gained a reputation in his narrow circle as a keen debater and a jovial companion, and it is said that he had several smuggling adventures.
There's a very thin dividing line between joviality and hysteria.
I notice his increased joviality and the way he's started colouring his hair.
There are moments joviality,(www.Sentencedict.com) but the rest of the time belongs to seriousness.
His modesty [ air of joviality ] was all put on.
There is no joviality to the Premiership panto season.
However, there is an air of joviality in the sugar camps.
There was in him the heartiness and intolerant joviality of the prosperous farmer.
Immediately he noticed the joviality of Stane's manner.
It brings joviality, but is never flighty: it coruscates with increasingly refreshed vitality, and the apothegm of love continues to spread.
There were wisecracks and anecdotes throughout, although the joviality was at times somewhat forced.
It is the romantic aura hide in, the joviality feeling that can not tell.
In the midst of his joviality he did not for a moment lose sight of discretion.
Daffy keeps reappearing to Richard as a ghost, unstoppably loquacious and with a joviality that turns increasingly sinister.
Also it illustrates the scientific theories that television could strengthen the optic nerve, relief asthenopia, produce joviality, and avoid the symptom of color-inclining.
We had gone from good humor to bellicosity back to joviality in five hours.
Certainly, this cry-and-laugh monstrosity also contains the whole stimulation and joviality in a defensive game.
He leads a life not of study, but of joviality, though not of vice.
Show these details in the form of pictures just like suicide-sleepwalking. After a joviality experience of sense stimulate, one would feel fear and despair about his self-existent.
They have so much leisure and so much leisurely joviality.
More jovialness and a genuine smile.
Feltus laughed in order to break the ice and ease their tensions with his jovialness.
Maria stared at Elon, as it dawned on her the wisdom of his confusing charade of jovialness today.
Lady Jane smiled at hearing the jovialness in her husband’s demeanour; this trip was doing wonders for his health, both physical 62.
It was encouraging to see the vitality of the hotel was slowly returning as if it had been plagued by a debilitating illness and was now only recovering, showing some signs of colour in its cheeks; perhaps since the first inquest had been disposed, the aura of darkness surrounding the disappearance and the apprehension of this pending storm, whose towering thunderclouds could be seen churning several miles from the shore, was being overshadowed by the jovialness that the hotel itself possessed and attempted to exude through its bright floral arrangements and charming atmosphere.
Jovially he invited.
Halloway cried, jovially.
"Come now," he jovially prodded.
He greeted Owen jovially and held.
Come now, he prodded jovially.
manager waving jovially and beaming our way.
Here comes the hero, he said jovially.
'Good morning,' he said as jovially as he could.
said jovially, but with a touch of condescension.
What have we here? Sephtis asked, almost jovially.
Jovially taking a break they looked content in their roles.
Replied jovially the Chief Historian of the Time Patrol.
What? You don’t like my new hat? Paul said jovially.
Lanris leaned over and slapped Mott on the shoulder jovially.
'Hallo!” he said jovially, 'what are you doing here?”.
"So, you're the one who stole Isobel's heart?" Shay said jovially.
I’ve heard you say that before, Graisco admitted jovially.
Nothing, Wickland said jovially, I amuse myself sometimes.
It’s settled then! Chain her to him! Artaxis said jovially.
Do you accept? Nate said jovially, as if it were a mere formality.
Carl Monroe smiled jovially when he saw the chiseled look on my face.
„That would have been the life where I was a famous movie star,' he said jovially.
‘Hey, I couldn't help but notice you seemed to be on your own,’ he said jovially.
Hello and congratulations! Fayam jovially said as he and a dozen others appeared.
Will and Tom stared blankly at her as she disappeared jovially down the corridor, singing.
Yes, I speak English considering I was born and raised in London! The man said jovially.
„Ooh, we have a very funny fish here indeed,' she said jovially, „so much prior confusion.
"Sit on my immediate left," he instructs in an undertone, before jovially greeting Lord Wesley.
Herb Thompson played it jovially into the phone, while his wife looked on and his neck began to sweat.
I’m not one for rubbing it in, Wickland said jovially as he fooled with his cell phone, but I told you so.
"I love you too," Yancey mimicked with equal enthusiasm, and kissed her on the cheek.
In an interview in 1654 the sincerity and enthusiasm of George Fox had greatly moved Cromwell and had convinced him of their freedom from dangerous political schemes.
Youthful enthusiasm is not rewarded in this way.
We felt the enthusiasm of the volunteers that the Dean Forest railroad exists.
There is perhaps a certain religious enthusiasm in the thought of being passively determined by Fate, the Universe, Zeus.
Beside himself with enthusiasm, Rostov ran after him with the crowd.
She had dreamed of someone who would share her enthusiasm in horses – of someone who would treat her well.
Apathy took the place of enthusiasm, and sordid worries succeeded to high hopes.
But although welcomed with enthusiasm Reaction on his return to Turin, he introduced a system of in the reaction which, if less brutal, was no less uncom- Italian promising than that of Austrian archdukes or Bourbon States.
Anna Pavlovna's circle on the contrary was enraptured by this enthusiasm and spoke of it as Plutarch speaks of the deeds of the ancients.
He grouped around him all the leading writers, publicists and progressive young men of the day; declaimed against prejudices; stimulated the timid; inspired the lukewarm with enthusiasm; and never rested till the constitution of the 3rd of May 1791 had been carried through.
These dispositions, of which the French historians write with enthusiasm and other historians with profound respect, were as follows:
University teachers generally have admitted a lack of enthusiasm about their subjects.
The actors inspired the kids with their enthusiasm.
Try to inject a bit of enthusiasm into your performance.
In an excess of enthusiasm I agreed to work late.
Wish you can benefit from sentencedict.com and make progress everyday!
My enthusiasm for the project was waning.
We commended them for their enthusiasm.
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
His enthusiasm for aerobics was almost fanatical.
The actors' enthusiasm inspired the kids.
His calm manner slaked their enthusiasm.
She showed a distinct lack of enthusiasm for the idea of becoming a mother.
I was unable to bate my enthusiasm.
The proposal aroused little enthusiasm in the group.
He started to fizz with enthusiasm.
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm. 
She viewed the prospect of a week alone in the house without much enthusiasm.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
I choose for my subject faith wrought into life, apart from creed or dogma. By faith I mean a vision of good one cherishes and the enthusiasm that pushes one to seek its fulfillment regardless of obstacles. Faith is a dynamic power that breaks the chain of routine and gives a new, fine turn to old commonplaces. Faith reinvigorates the will, enriches the affections and awakens a sense of creativenes
We set about our task at once with great enthusiasm.
Results from market tests in the US and Europe show little enthusiasm for the product.
One of the good things about Inga is that you can always rely on her unfailing enthusiasm.
One of the good things about teaching young children is their enthusiasm.
They set about their work with youthful vigour and enthusiasm.
But, an enthusiast for Hellenic culture, he seems to have shown but little interest in the native religion.
It is curious to find that Caxton, an honest man, and an enthusiast as to the future of the art of printing, which he had introduced into England, waxes enthusiastic as to the merits of the intelligent but unscrupulous peers who took an interest in his endeavours.
Whilst the worship of the Church of England was proscribed, every illiterate or frenzied enthusiast was allowed to harangue at his pleasure.
If it be true that knowledge lies only in the agreement or disagreement of ideas, the visions of an enthusiast and the reasonings of a sober man will be equally certain.
Here, in closest intimacy with Joseph Story, he became an enthusiast in the study of jurisprudence: at the age of twenty-three he was admitted to the bar, and was contributing to the American Jurist, and editing law texts and Story's court decisions.
At length the clouds broke; the light became clearer and clearer; and the enthusiast who had imagined that he was branded with the mark of the first murderer, and destined to the end of the arch-traitor, enjoyed peace and a cheerful confidence in the mercy of God.
The leader, Hung Sin Tsuan, a semi-political, semi-religious enthusiast, assumed the title of Tien Wang, or Heavenly King, and by playing on the feelings of the lower class of people gradually collected a considerable force.
In the month of May 1347 Cola di Rienzi accomplished that extraordinary revolution which for a short space revived the republic in Rome, and raised this enthusiast to titular equality with kings.
He means this - that he is no mere ecstatic enthusiast or "dervish," whose primary aim is to keep up the warlike spirit of the people, taking for granted that Yahweh is on the people's side, and that he is perfectly free from the taint of selfishness, not having to support himself by his prophesying.
His martial arts instructor was a Zen enthusiast.
You have probably heard some sports enthusiast say,.
a year later and turned out to be the real enthusiast.
However, Thomas, once a baseball enthusiast, had no.
into one of this fiery enthusiast for the law and the meek.
Rather, he was a sports enthusiast and enjoyed the outdoors.
rejoiced & enthusiast! Oh what a joy it will be when I come for MY.
It was only a flesh wound but he wasn’t a DIY enthusiast and had.
The enthusiast site was called Mother’s Rest, the same as the decoy.
coupon enthusiast, they may look upon the pile and think, That is so.
An avid sports enthusiast, Chris has represented his state in football,.
Gabe said, she didn't sound totally enthusiast though but that had to do.
several dogs and a cat, and are an enthusiast for natural healthcare because it's worked.
If you live in Texas, then, you can consider yourself indeed a very lucky bass fishing enthusiast!.
I doubt if there's any gun enthusiast in the country who would not have at least one of these pistols.
Of course the girl or woman, or whatever she was, was an enthusiast but there was a time for all things.
The Fantasy sport began as a way for the more intellectual sports enthusiast to manage his or her own Fantasy team.
'It will be something to tell your children of, in the days to come when he is a splendid memory,' said the enthusiast.
It has names for each type of customer, such as 'Barry,” an affluent tech enthusiast, and 'Buzz,” a young gadget fiend.
One of his earliest triumphs was what the writer and fireworks enthusiast George Plimpton has called one of the great, rare blues.
You can imagine that I, as an enthusiast, was in sympathy with such a request, and that I felt no surprise at the constancy of his visits
Whatever you do, don't call a "railway enthusiast" a trainspotter?it's the ultimate insult.
My brother is a real DIY enthusiast.
He was an enthusiast for the avant-garde.
He is a great sports enthusiast.
I must confess I'm not a great enthusiast for long political programmes.
The exhibition is interesting to both the enthusiast and the casual visitor.
He's a real enthusiast - he goes fishing in all weathers.
Millar himself is a young-looking man in his mid-thirties with dark brown hair and the demeanor and bearing of a born enthusiast.
From there he told Wesley Smith about his life as a railway enthusiast, composer and rock climber.
And the sumptuous pictures will satisfy the most avid architectural enthusiast.
It was then that a friend who was also a water-power enthusiast suggested a compressor.
When Clement Attlee became Prime Minister in 1945, he was no enthusiast of atomic weapons, but that programme proceeded.
This book should be in the Christmas stocking of any serious aircraft enthusiast, although it would make walking difficult!Millar himself is a young-looking man in his mid-thirties with dark brown hair and the demeanor and bearing of a born enthusiast.
From there he told Wesley Smith about his life as a railway enthusiast, composer and rock climber.
And the sumptuous pictures will satisfy the most avid architectural enthusiast.
It was then that a friend who was also a water-power enthusiast suggested a compressor.
When Clement Attlee became Prime Minister in 1945, he was no enthusiast of atomic weapons, but that programme proceeded.
This book should be in the Christmas stocking of any serious aircraft enthusiast, although it would make walking difficult!
Tom was very enthusiastic about the place.
He is enthusiastic about pop music.
The violinist got an enthusiastic encore.
The audience was / were enthusiastic on the opening night of the play.
Wish you can benefit from our online sentence dictionary and make progress every day!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
He was a tremendously enthusiastic teacher and that rubbed off on all the children.
We are enthusiastic over the possibilities of...
I am enthusiastic over a project for building a new bridge.
She's all enthusiastic about China now that she's been there.
 All the staff are enthusiastic about the project.
He drew reassurance from the enthusiastic applause.
Politicians have given an enthusiastic welcome to the Queen's speech.
Critics were uniformly enthusiastic about the production.
They acknowledged the enthusiastic plaudits of the crowd.
Her enthusiastic speech set the tone for the day's conference.
His speech drew enthusiastic applause.
Romeo left the stage, to enthusiastic applause.
His enthusiastic speech ignited the audience.
Mrs Neil did not seem particularly enthusiastic about her job.
Each song was greeted with enthusiastic clapping.
She is an enthusiastic golfer.
Enthusiastic applause rippled around the tables.
We detected signs that they were less than enthusiastic about the holiday.
Her proposals met with an enthusiastic response.
They were tired, but not any less enthusiastic on that account.
She received an enthusiastic ovation from the audience.
With a burning desire to achieve the dream as a backing, so that the desire to become enthusiastic, let it become your brain in one of the most important things.
He usually preferred to train up a crew of enthusiastic young sailors from scratch.
Qua musician, he lacks skill, but his playing is lively and enthusiastic.
The princess stepped ashore to be greeted by an enthusiastic crowd of admirers.
The enthusiastic spirit of reform which heralded the accession of the latter sultan never altogether died out, and from about the last decade of the 19th century has been rapidly and effectively growing in force and in method.
He sat for a short time (1845-1846) as a member of the Chamber of Deputies, but lost his seat owing to his enthusiastic adoption of the principles of free trade.
He directs this spirit of revolt also against the sources of his own inspiration; he turns bitterly against Wagner, whose intimate friend and enthusiastic admirer he had been, and denounces him as the musician of decadent emotionalism; he rejects his "educator" Schopenhauer's pessimism, and transforms his will to live into a "Will to Power."
I was a geyser of enthusiastic reports.
That choice had my enthusiastic support.
Now Remy was the most enthusiastic Samba.
Don’t sound so enthusiastic, Detective.
enthusiastic on the subject of this marriage.
He was very enthusiastic and excited about it.
and enthusiastic than the Cardigan Welsh Corgi.
She did not appear to be all that enthusiastic.
It was hailed with an enthusiastic acclamation.
He was the best: smooth, enthusiastic, helpful.
At the end of seven days, the enthusiastic new.
Carlotta was received with enthusiastic applause.
couldn't bring himself to be overly enthusiastic.
Lea was enthusiastic and happy with her two men.
Enthusiastic voices rose over spirited music in.
usually kept him entertained and even enthusiastic.
Greg was so enthusiastic about the effectiveness.
enthusiastic view of the world.
Even the Protestant churches are not exempt from blame in the matter; a small tomb near the Damascus Gate of Jerusalem has been fixed upon by a number of English enthusiasts as the true " Holy Sepulchre," an identification for which there is nothing to be said.
Whether or not "Celtic" is the right word for it, Mr Yeats's art was quickly identified by enthusiasts with the literary side of the new Irish national movement.
The objects which the advocates of a new calendar had in view were to strike a blow at the clergy and to divorce all calculations of time from the Christian associations with which they were loaded, in short, to abolish the Christian year; and enthusiasts were already speaking of "the first year of liberty" and "the first year of the republic" when the national convention took up the matter in 1793.
Some reckless enthusiasts for truth set four trustworthy hospital nurses to watch her; the Celtic obstinacy of the parents was roused, and in defence of their imposture they allowed death to take place in eight days.
Quite apart from the few enthusiasts who would have given a literal interpretation to the text in Matt.
It was with the aid of these youthful enthusiasts that Savonarola arranged the religious carnival of 1496, when the citizens gave their costliest possessions in alms to the poor, and tonsured monks, crowned with flowers, sang lauds and performed wild dances for the glory of God.
The day passed in confused and savage scuffles between the raw enthusiasts of either side, but by 5.30 P.M.
Pan-Hellenic enthusiasts already saw Philip as the destined captain-general of a national crusade against Persia (Isocrates, Philippus, about 345).
One and all of the permanent institutions of society were condemned by the early enthusiasts, especially by those who looked forward to a speedy advent of the millennium, as alien to the kingdom of God and as impediments to the life of grace.
At this time the tone of the Russian court was extremely liberal, humanitarian enthusiasts like Peter Volkonsky and Nikolai Novosiltsov possessing great influence.
In fact the presence of an orgiastic character is as marked a feature in Canaanite religion as the absence of it is in the oldest religion of Israel; but the new Hebrew enthusiasts had at least an external resemblance to the devotees of the Canaanite sanctuaries and this would be enough to determine the choice of a name which in the first instance seems hardly to have been a name of honour.
To this task Boccaccio addressed himself; and he was followed by numerous Italian enthusiasts, who visited Byzantium before its fall as the sacred city of a new revelation.
Some of the enthusiasts sank into a sceptical, reactionary frame of mind; while others, with deeper convictions or capable of more lasting excitement, attributed the failure to the fact that only halfmeasures and compromises had been adopted by the government.
The Mainz Commission, though hampered by the jealousy of the governments (the king of Prussia refused to allow his subjects to be haled before it), was none the less effective enough in preventing all free expression of opinion; while at the universities the official curators kept Liberal enthusiasts in order.
Even then there were enthusiasts who held him to be a sort of Messiah.
And his unbending common-sense, and sobriety of criticism in matters which deeply interested the less academic Radicals who were enthusiasts for extreme courses, would have made the parliamentary situation difficult but for the exceptional popularity of the prime minister.
With the arrival of the Anabaptist enthusiasts of Zwickau, he had a more difficult task, and appears to have been irresolute.
 Melanchthon, powerless against the enthusiasts with whom his co-reformer Carlstadt sympathized, appealed to Luther, still concealed in the Wartburg.
In his disgust at the crude conceptions of the enthusiasts, who had hoped that the war of liberation might end in a realm of internal liberty, Hegel had forgotten his own youthful vows recorded in verse to HBlderlin, " never, never to live in peace with the ordinance which regulates feeling and opinion."
Peaches are next in importance, and horticultural enthusiasts believe that the possibilities of this crop are very great.
The condition of affairs on the continent seemed to French enthusiasts to presage an attack by the other Powers on France.
These men he denounced as traitors; but a band of youthful enthusiasts encouraged their leader in his revolutionary course.
It is not improbable that with many Jewish enthusiasts this literature was more highly treasured than the canonical scriptures.
Finding that the walls of autocracy could not be overturned by blasts of revolutionary trumpets in the periodical press and in clandestinely printed seditious proclamations, the young enthusiasts determined to seek the support of the masses, or, as they termed it, " to go in among the people " (idti v narod).
These new institutions were incomparably better than the old ones which they replaced, but they did not work such miracles as inexperienced enthusiasts expected.
On the one side were the precieuses, enthusiasts for the "higher" education of their sex; on the other were the heavy Philistines, so often portrayed by Moliere, who thought that the less girls knew the better they were likely to be.
David's Theological College, Lampeter, where he gathered about him a band of earnest religious enthusiasts, known as the Lampeter Brethren, and was eventually ordained to the curacy of Charlinch in Somerset, where he had sole charge in the illness and absence of the rector, the Rev. Samuel Starkey.
A chapel was built at Harrisehead, and a second revival occurred in September 1804, largely the result of a meeting held at Congleton by some enthusiasts from Southport.
As one result of the strike of 1890 a movement was set afoot by a number of enthusiasts, more visionary than practical, that has resulted in a measure of more or less disaster.
A group of enthusiasts have undertaken the reconstruction of a steam locomotive.
Most of his family are sports enthusiasts, but he's the exception to the rule.
Railway enthusiasts divide neatly into two groups.
However, Burke's outstanding performance had boxing enthusiasts agog with excitement and wanting more.
How fortunate it is that enthusiasts such as Col. Savill have accumulated a wealth of material illustrating the railway scene.
Golf enthusiasts will be able to see the tournament live on TV.
The complex has teen-agers and sports enthusiasts buzzing with excitement.
Read in studio Toy soldier enthusiasts have been gathering at an auction to try and pick up some bargains.
Enthusiasts are willing to pay up to $12,000 for an original copy of the book.
For collectors and aviation enthusiasts the early autumn of 1992 produced no less than four major auctions with an accent on matters aeronautical.
This book is a must for both enthusiasts of aviation art and aircraft.
It has cards for Star Trek enthusiasts and fans of Frank Sinatra.
A party of enthusiasts danced a quadrille on a flat rock near the middle of the stream.
For wholefood enthusiasts, I would recommend buckwheat pasta rather than wholemeal, which I think is rather dull in flavour and texture.
Enthusiasts from the Tees Tornados bike club have also chipped in with a 100 donation.
Many aging enthusiasts began to abandon sports cars for sport utilities.
There were the young scuba diving enthusiasts from the Miyako diving school.
Need a list of single male camping enthusiasts who live in high-income areas and read poetry?
It's not only the chrysanthemum or dahlia enthusiasts who search for the best types of plants for the show bench.
Enthusiasts for genetic algorithms do not seem worried about this.
Delorean car enthusiasts from all over the world are set to converge on the province on Thursday for their annual reunion.
Railway enthusiasts will be interested in the Richard Guinness Hall which houses his magnificent collection of many prototypes of early railway engines.
The golf enthusiasts clubbed together.
There are activities organised by bi-communal enthusiasts, but day-to-day life goes on in different worlds.
The museum relies on the voluntary efforts of enthusiasts.
Investors moved in on a group of car enthusiasts and took over the market.
Our latest publication is a magazine for health enthusiasts.
With its varied climate, the country attracts both winter and summer sports enthusiasts.
The exhibition will be of interest to classic car owners and other motoring enthusiasts.
From Brighton Station to the Palace Pier it is designed to be enjoyed both by casual visitors and dedicated enthusiasts.
The events are a good reason for the enthusiasts of this largely non-social past time to gather and renew acquaintances.
This provided accommodation and restaurant facilities for anglers, caravanners, backpackers and water sport enthusiasts.
The audience was enraptured by her beautiful voice.
The place at once enraptured me.
We were enraptured by the view of the mountains.
The orchestra played before an enraptured audience.
They were enraptured to meet the great film star.
They were enraptured to meet the great singer.
I was enraptured by her singing.
The audience was enraptured by the young soloist's performance.
He was enraptured that she had smiled at him.
Immediately afterwards, she listens enraptured to the almost musical sound of the telegraph wires that only she is capable of hearing.
The 20,000-strong audience listened, enraptured.
I was enraptured with the stroke of good fortune.
Sir Willoughby was enraptured with her.
Issued a class, see her enraptured, asking what she has is glad.
Skepticism enraptured me, fear grabbed hold of me, and soon... I became gutless.
They were enraptured to hear her song.
Be silent, ignorant! ever enraptured soul!
The singer's beautiful voice enraptured the audience.
Both of them burst out laughing, and Harry enraptured and was at his ease.
They were enraptured at the scene.
For a whole hour he was enraptured as if already in the beyond.
Sentencedict.com try its best to gather and make good sentences.
Enraptured with feelings of joy, love and peace, he resists, but is forced to return.
Leaud at all ages seems at once more manic and concentrated than Truffaut. enraptured by his own insights and deeply, almost stubbornly alone.
If there is an image of mine that captures the wide-open West that has so enraptured me, it is this one of a West Texas cowboy at full gallop.
The audience was enraptured by her beautiful voice.
The place at once enraptured me.
We were enraptured by the view of the mountains.
The orchestra played before an enraptured audience.
They were enraptured to meet the great film star.
They were enraptured to meet the great singer.
I was enraptured by her singing.
The audience was enraptured by the young soloist's performance.
He was enraptured that she had smiled at him.
Immediately afterwards, she listens enraptured to the almost musical sound of the telegraph wires that only she is capable of hearing.
The 20,000-strong audience listened,(http://sentencedict.com/enrapture.html) enraptured.
The starred delights will enrapture my soul to insanity.
Yearning for a long enrapture you yesterday and the longing for a beautiful future.
There are all kinds of varieties of flower vases, wall paintings, statues, ferns, etc. , and its exquisite workmanship and unique style has won friends at home and abroad enrapture click one's tongue.
Send your holy angels to fan the flames of this love, that it may enrapture my heart and make my consecration fruitful.
I have never played with words again for the mere pleasure of the game.
The tutors came, and the nurses, and Dmitri, and several acquaintances, and the countess reread the letter each time with fresh pleasure and each time discovered in it fresh proofs of Nikolenka's virtues.
So they went through their memories, smiling with pleasure: not the sad memories of old age, but poetic,youthful ones--those impressions of one's most distant past in which dreams and realities blend--and they laughed with quiet enjoyment.
For the first time since my entrance into Radcliffe I had the opportunity to make friends with all my classmates...
Their pleasure charmed away King Frost's anger, and he, too, began to admire the painted trees, and at last he said to himself, My treasures are not wasted if they make little children happy.
I trust that my readers have not concluded from the preceding chapter on books that reading is my only pleasure; my pleasures and amusements are many and varied.
Wynn's information – pleasure kills – was still an issue.
Why, I use speech constantly, and I cannot begin to tell you how much pleasure it gives me to do so.
What the diplomatic matter might be he did not care, but it gave him great pleasure to prepare a circular, memorandum, or report, skillfully, pointedly, and elegantly.
I believe they gave me more pleasure than anything else at the Fair: they were so lifelike and wonderful to my touch.
It was evident that Kutuzov himself listened with pleasure to his own voice.
The commander-in-chief made a sign that the men should continue to march at ease, and he and all his suite showed pleasure at the sound of the singing and the sight of the dancing soldier and the gay and smartly marching men.
It is not necessary that a child should understand every word in a book before he can read with pleasure and profit.
His hitherto puckered brow became smooth as a sign of pleasure, and with a slight smile he began to examine his nails.
"This is a pleasure one gets in camp, Prince."
"I had not the pleasure of seeing you," said Prince Andrew, coldly and abruptly.
I had known about them for a long time; but I had never thought that I should see them, and talk to them; and I can scarcely realize now that this great pleasure has been mine!
The prattle of the little ones and their pleasure in the stories I told them of elf and gnome, of hero and wily bear, are pleasant things to remember.
A smile of pleasure never left Natasha's face.
Natasha unconsciously felt this delicacy and so found great pleasure in his society.
You are a Madame de Genlis and nothing more" (this nickname, bestowed on Vera by Nicholas, was considered very stinging), "and your greatest pleasure is to be unpleasant to people!
And believe me on my honour that to me personally it would be a pleasure to hand over the supreme command of the army into the hands of a better informed and more skillful general--of whom Austria has so many--and to lay down all this heavy responsibility.
The Guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip, parading their cleanliness and discipline.
"Here it is!" thought he, seizing the staff of the standard and hearing with pleasure the whistle of bullets evidently aimed at him.
I know and understand what a spice that would add to the pleasure of deceiving me, if it really were true.
Mademoiselle Bourienne, too, seemed passionately fond of the boy, and Princess Mary often deprived herself to give her friend the pleasure of dandling the little angel--as she called her nephew--and playing with him.
"What does harm to another is wrong," said Pierre, feeling with pleasure that for the first time since his arrival Prince Andrew was roused, had begun to talk, and wanted to express what had brought him to his present state.
Berg explained so clearly why he wanted to collect at his house a small but select company, and why this would give him pleasure, and why though he grudged spending money on cards or anything harmful, he was prepared to run into some expense for the sake of good society--that Pierre could not refuse, and promised to come.
"It is long since we had the pleasure..." began the countess, but Prince Andrew interrupted her by answering her intended question, obviously in haste to say what he had to.
She took a pair of pear-shaped ruby earrings from her huge reticule and, having given them to the rosy Natasha, who beamed with the pleasure of her saint's-day fete, turned away at once and addressed herself to Pierre.On Thursdays Princess Mary remembered with a mournful smile that she now had no one to write to, since Julie--whose presence gave her no pleasure was here and they met every week.
And indeed everybody in the room looked with a smile of pleasure at the jovial old gentleman, who standing beside his tall and stout partner, Marya Dmitrievna, curved his arms, beat time, straightened his shoulders, turned out his toes, tapped gently with his foot, and, by a smile that broadened his round face more and more, prepared the onlookers for what was to follow.
After all, you must understand that besides your pleasure there is such a thing as other people's happiness and peace, and that you are ruining a whole life for the sake of amusing yourself!
And since it had to be so, Nicholas Rostov, as was natural to him, felt contented with the life he led in the regiment and was able to find pleasure in that life.
One of his nails scratched her rhythmically, sending small streaks of pleasure through her.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Graceful, coordinated and a pleasure to watch.
Colonel Michaud, do not forget what I say to you here, perhaps we may recall it with pleasure someday...
Nothing gives me greater pleasure than to take my friends out rowing when they visit me.
I have never played with words again for the mere pleasure of the game.
"Done for!" repeated Dolokhov as if the utterance of these words afforded him pleasure, and he went quickly up to the prisoners, who were surrounded by Cossacks who had hurried up.
My pleasure, you need anything else?
I am not considering my own pleasure and I won't allow it to be said!
What pleasure is there to be so caustique?
I can never tell you how much pleasure they have given us.
For some time he engrossed the general attention, and Anna Pavlovna felt that the novelty she had served up was received with pleasure by all her visitors 
She simply enjoyed their pleasure and tried to fit in with it.
She looked about with pleasure, smiling joyfully.
I remember, yes, I remember you with the standard! said Kutuzov, and a flush of pleasure suffused Prince Andrew's face at this recollection.
With mournful pleasure she now lingered over these images, repelling with horror only the last one, the picture of his death, which she felt she could not contemplate even in imagination at this still and mystic hour of night.
The tutors came, and the nurses, and Dmitri, and several acquaintances, and the countess reread the letter each time with fresh pleasure and each time discovered in it fresh proofs of Nikolenka's virtues.
Museums and art stores are also sources of pleasure and inspiration.
So they went through their memories, smiling with pleasure: not the sad memories of old age, but poetic, youthful ones--those impressions of one's most distant past in which dreams and realities blend--and they laughed with quiet enjoyment.
She wiped her face, afraid to let herself feel pleasure in the warm body pressed against hers on such a cold night.
So you see, I had a foretaste of the pleasure which I hope some day to have of visiting Florence.
The whole reason he'd avoided her was because of Wynn's warning – pleasure kills – a reminder that Deidre's tumor was connected to her emotions.
Shall we forever resign the pleasure of construction to the carpenter?
She'd taken great pleasure in stuffing it there.
Jackson proceeded to pleasure her in ways she had never experienced, asking nothing of her.
For the first time since my entrance into Radcliffe I had the opportunity to make friends with all my classmates...
Their pleasure charmed away King Frost's anger, and he, too, began to admire the painted trees, and at last he said to himself, My treasures are not wasted if they make little children happy.
It was evident that Kutuzov himself listened with pleasure to his own voice.
I trust that my readers have not concluded from the preceding chapter on books that reading is my only pleasure; my pleasures and amusements are many and varied.
I believe they gave me more pleasure than anything else at the Fair: they were so lifelike and wonderful to my touch.
Wynn's information pleasure kills was still an issue.
I understand pleasure, not happiness.
Why, I use speech constantly, and I cannot begin to tell you how much pleasure it gives me to do so.
What the diplomatic matter might be he did not care, but it gave him great pleasure to prepare a circular, memorandum, or report, skillfully, pointedly, and elegantly.
"Business or pleasure?" he asked.
The icicles are prison bars on our windows, trapping us, prisoners to this life of sin and degradation...
If she could just have both Jule groaned, not out of pleasure but pain.
He was a great admirer of Dean Swift, and took pleasure in sending him presents of game.
"My pleasure," she responded with equal sincerity.
Jackson stood at one of the cabinets and asked, "What's your pleasure Ma'am?"
"It's a pleasure, Yully," the younger of the two men said.
He recognized her, guessed her feelings, saw that it was her debut, remembered her conversation at the window, and with an expression of pleasure on his face approached Countess Rostova.
We were sadly in the way, but that did not interfere with our pleasure in the least.
Well, I guess it wasn't all pleasure, but still it must have been electrifying!
But it hardly seems possible that any mere words should convey to one who has never seen a mountain the faintest idea of its grandeur; and I don't see how any one is ever to know what impression she did receive, or the cause of her pleasure in what was told her about it.
I had known about them for a long time; but I had never thought that I should see them, and talk to them; and I can scarcely realize now that this great pleasure has been mine!
It is not necessary that a child should understand every word in a book before he can read with pleasure and profit.
The prattle of the little ones and their pleasure in the stories I told them of elf and gnome, of hero and wily bear, are pleasant things to remember.
This unfortunate fete at the ambassador's deprives me of a pleasure, and obliges me to interrupt you.
It's a pleasure, sir.
Added to it was the pleasure of seeing Cynthia, after all she'd undergone, so utterly enjoying the day.
pleasure of his will.
pleasure of his task.
pleasure as I did so.
There is a pleasure.
In pleasure he cried.
In it, our pleasure.
Then Sue was again pleasuring me orally.
But pleasuring her was my greatest pleasure.
Poor Jo! We left you to bear it alone, while we went pleasuring.
He immediately took over the pleasuring of Ruth, using both her hands.
Later that night, I was wonderfully awakened by Sue pleasuring me orally.
I was not pleasuring myself! screeched the wizard, beside himself with.
best job of pleasuring a man that could ever be remotely possible, but the spasm.
They spent the better part of the next hour making love, and pleasuring each other.
who at first started pleasuring himself to the show outside, then invited the show.
Meth heads arguing in the parking lot of a Kumon, a man pleasuring himself on a bus-stop bench.
Her smell is intoxicating and her body looks so dam hot I could spend years just pleasuring it.
well, pleasuring the Huldras for months on end, and if the men don't comply, the Huldra kills them.
Strangely, I'd missed it, and with nothing but sun and heat for a month, I enjoyed it pleasuring my face.
She felt sure God was much too wise to make a rule against women harmlessly pleasuring themselves or each other.
She giggled, thinking I was flirting with her, and then resumed pleasuring the red-head who was staring at me with hungry, adoring eyes.
She hated the idea of him pleasuring himself to other women on the internet and felt that it was a direct violation of the wedding vows.
Old memories came back to me as I took in the sight of the girl that couldn’t be older than ten or eleven on her knees pleasuring an older man.
The following night, it being Friday, Edgar visited an attractive widow prepared to augment her meagre income by pleasuring discreet, clean and healthy men.
Therefore to us that have taken on us this painful labour of abridging it was not easy but a matter of sweat and watching;Even as it is no ease to him who prepares a banquet and seeks the benefit of others; yet forthe pleasuring of many we will undertake gladly this great pains; Leaving to the author the exact handling of every particular and labouring to follow the rules of an abridgement.
Bliss is totally pleasuring with no frills or snobbery.
Jerking off, self pleasuring, beating around the bush, letting your fingers do the walking, answering the bone-o-phone.
If people are pleasuring each other in many different ways, enough procreative sex will occur to propagate the species.
In 1872, President Ulysses S. Grant signed a law declaring that Yellowstone would forever be dedicated and set apart as a public park or pleasuring ground for the benefit and enjoyment of the people.
on a pleasured, loving look.
Sue had a pleasured look on her.
He pleasured himself, too?.
Sue said with a pleasured, loving.
As I did so, Sue had a pleasured,.
pleasured look on her face as I did so.
pleasured, loving expressions on our faces.
Both of us having loving, pleasured expressions on.
There was a lot of pleasured moaning going on here.
They were loud, bad tempered and liked to be pleasured.
Sue and I had pleasured looks on our faces as I felt my.
with a pleasured, loving look on her face as I was doing this.
As we both had our eyes lightly closed with loving, pleasured.
As I did so, Sue thought with a pleasured, loving thought, Oh.
We both had pleasured smiles on our faces as I washed Sue in this way.
This caused me to take on the same kind of pleasured look that Sue had.
All the while, I had my eyes lightly closed with a pleasured, loving.
extended moments, Sue said with a pleasured, loving thought, Let me.
too were lightly closed with a pleasured, loving expression on her face.
As we had often done before, with pleasured, loving looks on our faces,.
As I pleasured Sue orally, Sue would occasionally give out a brief but.
This caused me to lightly close my eyes with a pleasured look on my face.
with a loving, pleasured look as I paid attention mostly to my application.
we would both have our eyes lightly closed with loving, pleasured looks on.
of course with our eyes lightly closed and a pleasured, loving looks on our.
She had savored the fluidity of his movements and the sensual way he pleasured her.
Her finger tips dug into his skin, breaking the surface, he let out a pleasured groan.
In the morning they pleasured each other again and promised eternal friendship and love.
While he pleasured over her frame, sharpening his joy, she swirled in his arms in rapture.
He pleasured her in bed, but he constantly pumped her for information or so it seemed.
He had affected her even then, now he was sure of it, and the assurance pleasured him mightily.
I was thinking hard about why Prince pleasured me.
We are pleasured to offer you the following goods on the terms and conditions hereinafter.
Diseases are the price of ill pleasures. 
Stolen pleasures are sweet [sweetest].
The pleasures of sunbathing began to pall after a week on the beach.
Conversation is one of pleasures of life.
They docked him of the pleasures of childhood.
It is simple pleasures, such as a walk on a sunny day, which have a cumulative effect on our mood.
Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes.
One of the greatest pleasures of this job is meeting people from all walks of life.
Don't abandon yourself to pleasures.
She enjoys the simple pleasures of life.
It was she who first introduced the pleasures of sailing to me.
They docked him of the pleasures of youthhood.
Swimming is one of my greatest pleasures.
He discovered these pleasures early in life.
The pleasures of idleness soon cloy.
She has few pleasures left in life.
His uncle initiated him into the pleasures of sailing.
Smoking is one of my few pleasures.
Chocolate is one of life's little pleasures.
All the pleasures and indulgences of the weekend are over, and I must get down to some serious hard work.
It's a film about the pains and pleasures of parenthood.
As with most pleasures, it's not so much the experience itself as the anticipation that is enjoyable.
He wrote an article on the pleasures and pains of camping.
Cares interchange with pleasures in raising a child.
She has a soul above material pleasures.
ment of sensual pleasures.
Thirst for sense pleasures.
Bless the pleasures of life,.
the pleasures of that kingdom.
Simple pleasures but good ones.
the pleasures of the house above.
Pleasures shorter than the Day?.
is drawn in to what pleasures you.
The simple pleasures of the poor.
So you're going to sample the delights/pleasures of the new restaurant?
Priests promise to forego the pleasures of the flesh.
He denied himself all pleasures and luxuries.
It is one of my greatest pleasures.
Choose your pleasures for yourself, and do not let them be imposed upon you. Lord Chesterfield 
Pleasures are always children, pains always have wrinkles. Joseph Joubert 
Study and hard work seem to be his chief pleasures.
Never let the demands of tomorrow interfere with the pleasures and excitement of today.
Dining out in attractive surroundings is one of life's great pleasures.
I did not yet make a distinction between the pleasures of reading and of writing fiction.
It was she who first introduced me to the pleasures of wine-tasting.
Why should you deprive yourself of such simple pleasures?
He does nothing now , but he is surfeited in sensual pleasures after his company died.
He feels that life is passing him by,i.e.,that he is not profiting from or enjoying the opportunities and pleasures of life.
To become a grandparent is to enjoy one of the few pleasures in life for which the consequences have already been paid. 
The most pleasurable experience of the evening was the wonderful fireworks display.
It's pleasurable and it's surprising in its detail. The question is, what on earth does it mean?
He went towards the front door with pleasurable anticipation.
Virtually every pleasurable experience in the novel is interrupted.
The goal is to make each encounter a pleasurable experience that your child will enjoy.
Choosing fish for the aquarium should be a pleasurable experience but needs to be carefully considered.
We want this to be a pleasurable experience for everyone.
Do all pleasurable experiences produce life-long addiction?
Examples of purposeful and pleasurable uses of print should be displayed in classrooms, foyers and school libraries.
It's pleasurable and it's surprising in its detail.
A sharp sad pain, almost pleasurable, thrust into me.
Think about what's pleasurable, not just what's possible. Brene Brown 
What moments in life could be more pleasurable?
It gives me hours of pleasurable reading and quite a bit of envious longing for things I can not afford.
For some young people, sniffing is a pleasurable activity.
Romantic love is mental illness. But it's a pleasurable one. It's a drug. It distorts reality, and that's the point of it. It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw. Fran Lebowitz 
We do everything we can to make your trip pleasurable.
What was gained in fusion was a sense of wholeness more pleasurable than the feelings of fragmentation that preceded it.
Behavioural techniques Most treatment programmes include behavioural modification techniques(sentencedict.com), making the patient's access to pleasurable activities contingent on weight gain.
The content of tragic myth is, in the first instance, a pleasurable epic glorification of the hero.
Compiling such a list was a labour of love - too pleasurable an activity to pursue in office hours.
It was cigar smoke she noticed first always - every time a slight, pleasurable stinging of the eyes.
If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they're supposed to, without trying to control the outcome, then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully. The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself. Goldie Hawn 
Once you are reasonably fit, you will find the exercise satisfying and pleasurable.
So do Humpbacks have ways of expressing the same request for the repetition of a pleasurable sonic experience?
It is this choice that helps to make reading a pleasurable experience.
Without some element of suffering in our lives, it is difficult to distinguish a pleasurable life from a happy life.
Like a biochemical carrot and stick, these systems generate pleasurable or painful feelings that powerfully guide behavior.
Individually, too, children on polio wards sometimes received considerable special attention, which could make their stays pleasurable.
The hypothalamus is also a major site where electrical stimulation seems to produce quite pleasurable feelings.
pass the time rather pleasurably.
There is something pleasurably archaic about.
need to be constantly stimulated and pleasurably.
They quickly toasted their drinks, and started to sip pleasurably.
My father laughed from his stomach pleasurably, the action roaring through his entire being, quivering into mine.
Will slowly walked in as far as his waist, and with the help of Zach and Tom he was soon splashing around quite pleasurably.
I lay in the dark in my little flat, my leg slung over the bulk of a sleeping man, his arm pinning me pleasurably beneath it, and gazed at his face.
Perfectly fine after Cheyenne-er, that witch left him! He had not played his cards right for so long to find himself being kicked quite pleasurably in the balls by some woman who would be leaving in a few weeks.
Suellen, embroidering on what she gigglingly called her hope chest, was silent tears of enjoyment oozing from her eyes, was pleasurably picturing herself in a wondering if she could possibly detach Stuart Tarleton from her sister's side at the barbecue tomorrow and fascinate him with the sweet womanly qualities which she possessed and Scarlett did not.
hey spent six weeks pleasurably together.
Amanda sipped her coffee, letting her misnd dwell pleasurably on thoughts of the future.
Even the extremities of her limbs were tingling pleasurably, a subdued kind of electricity running through her entire body.
He sipped his coffee pleasurably.
Their encircling and undulating movement contrasts pleasurably with the straight trunks of erect trees.
To excite ( another ) pleasurably, superficially or erotically.
When you waken, hold it all pleasurably in thought again for a few moments.
The devil is good when he is pleased.
He who pleased everybody died before he was born. 
We are pleased to send you...
She actually seemed pleased to see him: most of her visitors she merely tolerated.
The boss was not pleased with her work and packed her off.
Pleased to meet you. Plsd to meet u, too.
I am pleased that you have a new job.
He did not look too pleased when I told him.
I'm pleased to hear about your news.
Strange though it may sound, I was pleased it was over.
We are pleased to recommend...to you.
I said that I should be pleased to help.
We are pleased to answer your letter of August 18, 1998.
We are very pleased to have the opportunity to...
His preferment pleased his many admirers.
Your compliance with his request pleased your father.
She was very pleased with her exam results.
I am pleased to tell you that your application for the post of Assistant Editor has been successful.
We are pleased to learn from your letter...
Dogs wag their tails when they are pleased.
Words cannot express how pleased I am.
The council are pleased with the results of bringing ordinary citizens in on local library planning.
We bought the table sight unseen and were pleased to find it was perfect for our kitchen.
We are pleased to respond to your inquiry of August 18,[sentencedict.com] 1998.
Your Dad will be so pleased.
I shall be pleased to preside at your meetings.
I think it is fair to say that they are pleased with this latest offer.
Franklin was free to do pretty much whatever he pleased.sentencedict.com/pleased.html
Unfortunately, George cannot be with us today so I am pleased to accept this award on his behalf.
He pretended to be affronted, but inwardly he was pleased.
The architectural style is dignified and pleasing in design and proportions.
These lend a pleasing mystery to the bottom.
Pierre did not answer, but looked cordially into the Frenchman's eyes whose expression of sympathy was pleasing to him.
Man is by original nature, through the assistance of divine grace, free, able to will and perform the right; but is in his fallen state, of and by himself, unable to do so; he needs to be regenerated in all his powers before he can do what is good and pleasing to God.
Benzene is a colourless, limpid, highly refracting liquid, having a pleasing and characteristic odour.
She had forgotten how pleasing it was to watch him move.
The cause of this attachment to and veneration for the dog is, however, explained in a far more probable and pleasing way than by many of the fables of ancient mythology.
For they were in the streets of a beautiful emerald-green city, bathed in a grateful green light that was especially pleasing to their eyes, and surrounded by merry faced people in gorgeous green-and-gold costumes of many extraordinary designs.
In pleasing contrast to such pests are the butterflies of all sizes and colours, beetles of an inconceivable variety of size, shape and colouration, and ants of widely dissimilar appearance and habits.
But now one answers from far woods in a strain made really melodious by distance--Hoo hoo hoo, hoorer hoo; and indeed for the most part it suggested only pleasing associations, whether heard by day or night, summer or winter.
It is more pleasing to point out certain of his public measures upon which no difference of opinion can arise.
I love to have mine before my window, and the more chips the better to remind me of my pleasing work.
The lady who was thought to be most pleasing to the Emperor was invited to act as hostess.
Again Napoleon brought out his snuffbox, paced several times up and down the room in silence, and then, suddenly and unexpectedly, went up to Balashev and with a slight smile, as confidently, quickly, and simply as if he were doing something not merely important but pleasing to Balashev, he raised his hand to the forty-year-old Russian general's face and, taking him by the ear, pulled it gently, smiling with his lips only.
All the evening Nicholas paid attention to a blue-eyed, plump and pleasing little blonde, the wife of one of the provincial officials.
When he met her again in Voronezh the impression she made on him was not merely pleasing but powerful.
In these every colour and every shade of colour seem to have been tried in groat variety of combination with effects more or less pleasing, but transparent violet or purple appears to have been the most common ground colour.
During the latter part of the 16th century and the beginning of the 17th two poets of a higher order appeared in Valentine Balassa, the earliest Magyar lyrical writer, and his contemporary John Rimay, whose poems are of a contemplative and pleasing character.
that perfect and pleasing sacrifices alone consist in prayers and thanksgivings (thusia).
Another pleasing lyric poet of this period was Ladislaus Amade, the naturalness and genuine sentiment of whose lightly running verses are suggestive of the love songs of Italian authors.
Instead of the old belief that God made the world for man, philosophers began to fall into the pleasing dream, I am everything, and everything is I - and even I am God.
His collected articles and essays on places of historical interest are perhaps the most pleasing of his writings, but they deal exclusively with historical associations and architectural features.
Undoubtedly, the madness of the hero of this play of Ford's occasionally recalls Hamlet, while the heroine is one of the many, and at the same time one of the most pleasing, parallels to Viola.
It grows in small rings, which give it the appearance of growing in tufts, though it is really closely and evenly distributed over the whole scalp. The figures of the men are muscular and well-formed and generally pleasing; a straight, well-formed nose and jaw are by no means rare, and the young men are often distinctly good-looking.
Still it is brisk in its movements, and its variegated plumage makes it a pleasing bird.
A pleasing "rough" appearance can be given to concrete by brushing it over soon after it has set with a stiff brush dipped in water or dilute acid.
Witsius tried to mediate between the orthodox theology and the "federal" system of Johannes Cocceius, but did not succeed in pleasing either party.
The lord keeper's counsel of moderation was less pleasing to Charles I.
Burr was unscrupulous, insincere and notoriously immoral, but he was pleasing in his manners, generous to a fault, and was intensely devoted to his wife and daughter.
Your own eyes " is explained to refer to adultery, after the words of Samson " she is pleasing in my eyes " (Judg.
Some very pleasing examples are to be met with which have the form of a parallelogram with a lightly rounded roof; others of appropriate character are square or nearly so, with a ridge-and-furrow roof.
Its versatile cries and actions, as seen and heard by those who penetrate the solitude of the northern forests it inhabits, can never be forgotten by one who has had experience of them, any more than the pleasing sight of its rust-coloured tail, which an occasional gleam of sunshine will light up into a brilliancy quite unexpected by those who have only surveyed the bird's otherwise gloomy appearance in the glass-case of a museum.
The African are small with pale lemon colour grounds very closely marked with black spots on the skin, the strong contrast making a pleasing effect.
Viewed from rising ground, the landscape presents a pleasing variety of cornfield and forest, while the horizon is broken by the bell-towers of the numerous villages strung along the banks of the streams.
Part of the Cape and the neighbouring regions of Basutoland and Orange Free State, presents a pleasing appearance.
The result, while linguistically more uniform and pleasing, often lacks the spontaneity of medieval literature.
The pleasing appearance natural to the men is not a characteristic of the women, who early have a tendency to stoutness and ungainliness of figure, and sometimes to pronounced prognathism.
Encouraged by this pleasing symptom of orthodoxy the bishops, instead of first attempting to put their own dilapidated house in order, at once proceeded to institute pr e osecutions for heresy against all and sundry.
This attachment to the Sabbath, beautiful and touching so long as it was a spontaneous expression of continual devotion to Yahweh, acquired a less pleasing character when, after the exile, it came to be enforced by the civil arm.
Its bright red beak, the bare bluish skin surrounding its large grey eyes, and the tufts of elongated feathers springing vertically from its lores, give it a pleasing and animated expression; but its plumage generally is of an inconspicuous ochreous grey above and dull white beneath, - the feathers of the upper parts, which on the neck and throat are long and loose, being barred by fine zigzag markings of dark brown, while those of the lower parts are more or less striped.
There are many varieties of concrete known as "artificial stones" which can now be bought ready moulded into the form of paving slabs, wall blocks and pipes: they are both pleasing in appearance and very durable, being carefully made by skilled workmen.
These vast ruins, more imposing from their immensity than pleasing in detail, have been described by scores of travellers and tourists; but it will be sufficient here to refer to the following works: - (First discoverers) M.
The architectural style is dignified and pleasing in design and proportions.
Even the lesser characters are more pleasing than usual, and some beautiful lyrics are interspersed in the play.
You can try by pleasing me every night.
Sometimes, if a poem was very pleasing, he gave the poet a prize.The Aylmers are pleasant people; and her husband away, she can have nothing but enjoyment.
The Park was vastly pleasant to the old man.
The dining-room, full of shining light, and treated from the low-down grate, was a pleasant place.
The faint-smelling cool Autumn air was pleasant after the feast.
The hay began to tumble from the loft with a pleasant rustling sound.
The perfume of lilies had overcome the scent of books, and a bee, dusky, adventurer, filled the room with his pleasant humming.
The river streamed on steadily through pleasant riverside landscapes.
The scent of the gardenia was strong in her little bedroom, and pleasant to her.
The stations are pleasant, sometimes with lunch-counters and news-stands, but have not the comic- opera-chalet prettiness of ours, and are not so frequent.
Their interchange was pleasant to hear.
They gave him good day, and spoke kindly, and with pleasant friendly looks.
They were all very pleasant.
They were in a pleasant humor: some one had just finished a funny story about a man cut in two by a cannon-shot.
Thus when he spoke it was in a sharper voice, as if he had been awakened from a pleasant dream.
You know I will not force your inclinations, but, if I am to lose Mopsus, I should like a pleasant son.
You need not tell me that you had a pleasant evening.
Perhaps the most pleasing modern building in the city is the Gothic villa of the king of Bavaria on the bank of the Danube.
These lend a pleasing mystery to the bottom.
Pierre did not answer, but looked cordially into the Frenchman's eyes whose expression of sympathy was pleasing to him.
Man is by original nature, through the assistance of divine grace, free, able to will and perform the right; but is in his fallen state, of and by himself, unable to do so; he needs to be regenerated in all his powers before he can do what is good and pleasing to God.
Benzene is a colourless, limpid, highly refracting liquid, having a pleasing and characteristic odour.
She had forgotten how pleasing it was to watch him move.
Now pleasing people, that's hard.
The cause of this attachment to and veneration for the dog is, however, explained in a far more probable and pleasing way than by many of the fables of ancient mythology.
He pushes the claim even further, requiring, besides entire outward submission to command, also the complete identification of the place of God, without reference to his personal wisdom, piety or discretion; that any obedience which falls short of making the superior's will one's own, in inward affection as well as in outward effect, is lax aect; that going beyond the letter of command, even in things abstractly good and praiseworthy, is disobedience, and that the "sacrifice of the intellect" is the third and highest grade of obedience, well pleasing to God, when the inferior not only wills what the superior wills, but thinks what he thinks, submitting his judgment, so far as it is possible for the will to influence and lead the judgment.
For they were in the streets of a beautiful emerald-green city, bathed in a grateful green light that was especially pleasing to their eyes, and surrounded by merry faced people in gorgeous green-and-gold costumes of many extraordinary designs.
In pleasing contrast to such pests are the butterflies of all sizes and colours, beetles of an inconceivable variety of size, shape and colouration, and ants of widely dissimilar appearance and habits.
The lady who was thought to be most pleasing to the Emperor was invited to act as hostess.
It is more pleasing to point out certain of his public measures upon which no difference of opinion can arise.
But now one answers from far woods in a strain made really melodious by distance--Hoo hoo hoo, hoorer hoo; and indeed for the most part it suggested only pleasing associations, whether heard by day or night, summer or winter.
I love to have mine before my window, and the more chips the better to remind me of my pleasing work.
When he met her again in Voronezh the impression she made on him was not merely pleasing but powerful.
All the evening Nicholas paid attention to a blue-eyed, plump and pleasing little blonde, the wife of one of the provincial officials.
Again Napoleon brought out his snuffbox, paced several times up and down the room in silence, and then, suddenly and unexpectedly, went up to Balashev and with a slight smile, as confidently, quickly, and simply as if he were doing something not merely important but pleasing to Balashev, he raised his hand to the forty-year-old Russian general's face and, taking him by the ear, pulled it gently, smiling with his lips only.
that perfect and pleasing sacrifices alone consist in prayers and thanksgivings (thusia).
Another pleasing lyric poet of this period was Ladislaus Amade, the naturalness and genuine sentiment of whose lightly running verses are suggestive of the love songs of Italian authors.
In these every colour and every shade of colour seem to have been tried in groat variety of combination with effects more or less pleasing, but transparent violet or purple appears to have been the most common ground colour.
During the latter part of the 16th century and the beginning of the 17th two poets of a higher order appeared in Valentine Balassa, the earliest Magyar lyrical writer, and his contemporary John Rimay, whose poems are of a contemplative and pleasing character.
His collected articles and essays on places of historical interest are perhaps the most pleasing of his writings, but they deal exclusively with historical associations and architectural features.
Instead of the old belief that God made the world for man, philosophers began to fall into the pleasing dream, I am everything, and everything is I - and even I am God.
Undoubtedly, the madness of the hero of this play of Ford's occasionally recalls Hamlet, while the heroine is one of the many, and at the same time one of the most pleasing, parallels to Viola.
The one way she could be sure of pleasing him.
Still it is brisk in its movements, and its variegated plumage makes it a pleasing bird.
It grows in small rings, which give it the appearance of growing in tufts, though it is really closely and evenly distributed over the whole scalp. The figures of the men are muscular and well-formed and generally pleasing; a straight, well-formed nose and jaw are by no means rare, and the young men are often distinctly good-looking.
so the offerings sent by the Philippians to Paul when a prisoner at Rome are "an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, well pleasing to God" (Phil.
From him we gain a most pleasing picture of life at the monastery.
Vitale, are pleasing 16th-century structures.
The one pleasing aspect of his life is his patronage of the arts, and in his days a new architectural era was initiated in Rome with the coming of Bramante.
If the man is pure and his conduct is pleasing in the sight of God, he is united with that female part of the soul which was his component part prior to his birth " (Zohar, i.
Viewed from rising ground, the landscape presents a pleasing variety of cornfield and forest, while the horizon is broken by the bell-towers of the numerous villages strung along the banks of the streams.
Two small rivers (Mill and Fort) flow through the township. Amherst is a quiet, pleasing, academic village of attractive homes.
Pleasing humorous sketches are contained also in Ignatius Nagy's Beszelyek (1843) and " Caricatures " or Torzkepek (1844); in Caspar Bernat's Fresko kepek (1847-1850); in Gustavus Lauka's Vida, and his A jo regi vilag (The Good Old World), published respectively in 1857 and 1863; and in Alexander Balazs's Beszelyei (1855) and TiikOrdarabok (1865).
Crocuses have also a pleasing effect when dotted about on the lawns and grassy banks of the pleasure ground.
Early Renaissance palaces occur frequently in Venice and form a pleasing contrast with those in the Gothic style. 
The result, while linguistically more uniform and pleasing, often lacks the spontaneity of medieval literature.
The pleasing appearance natural to the men is not a characteristic of the women, who early have a tendency to stoutness and ungainliness of figure, and sometimes to pronounced prognathism.
The chief merit of the latter work lies in its forty plates, whereon the heads and feet of many birds are indifferently figured .2 But, while the successive editions of Linnaeus's great work were revolutionizing natural history, and his example of precision in language producing excellent effect on scientific writers, several other authors were advancing the study of ornithology in a very different way - a way that pleased the eye even more than his labours were pleasing the mind.
Its bright red beak, the bare bluish skin surrounding its large grey eyes, and the tufts of elongated feathers springing vertically from its lores, give it a pleasing and animated expression; but its plumage generally is of an inconspicuous ochreous grey above and dull white beneath, - the feathers of the upper parts, which on the neck and throat are long and loose, being barred by fine zigzag markings of dark brown, while those of the lower parts are more or less striped.
Part of the Cape and the neighbouring regions of Basutoland and Orange Free State, presents a pleasing appearance.
He conducted experiments to show that certain abstract forms and proportions are naturally pleasing to our senses, and gave some new illustrations of the working of aesthetic association.
The government buildings are extensive and have a pleasing appearance; that of the executive, in a beautiful park, was formerly the royal palace and still contains many relics of royalty.
The weather was very pleasent for me, not so hot nor so cold.
Mary had recovered, and she spoke with a suppressed rippling undercurrent of laughter pleasent to hear.
A pleasant hour to poetry!.
A great part of my life was made up of making life pleasant to others by fibbing.
A pipe is pleasant dreams at command.
All this was not only pleasant but salutary.
An elderly lady of dignified bearing looked out and met her eyes with a pleasant glance.
And he was, as he always is, pleasant.
Baynes made himself extremely pleasant to June, who frequently visited his house in Lowndes Square at this period.
Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy, unaffected manners.
Gardiner did not write again till he had received an answer from Colonel Forster; and then he had nothing of a pleasant nature to send.
Harriet seemed quite forgotten in the expectation of a pleasant party.
Have you seen any pleasant men?
He argued it out so, and convinced himself of his own delusions, till his hand, being in the sunlight, gave him a pleasant warmth.
He chided her gravely in an otherwise pleasant letter.
He dropped a pleasant word on the heads in the curricle.
He fell rather to thinking how very pleasant both mother and daughter were, and to wondering how much wisdom they had between them.
He gave me a broad pleasant smile, without sign of a jest lurking in one corner.
He tried again, but again Margit reappeared, serene, and full of pleasant humour; and his failure this time appeared to him in a comic light.
Her heart was devoid of any emptiness or ache; she only felt how pleasant and cool and tranquil it was to lie there alone.
How warm and pleasant it was!.
I sat three-quarters of an hour in the flower-garden, while Fanny cut the roses; and very pleasant it was, I assure you, but very hot.
It has been very, very pleasant, and, if anything, I have over-enjoyed myself.
It is pleasant to know that my Edward is still proud of me.
It was pleasant to feel that to us he would surrender an untouched love, that is, if he would surrender anything.
It was pleasant to hear her speak with the full authority of absolute knowledge of her subject.
It was a very pleasant sail.
It was so pleasant when he came in at breakfast with his well-remembered smile, that she did not require from him any explicit defence.
It will not be pleasant to do so, for it will certainly provoke much ill-feeling.
It would be pleasant for a change.
Janet sent a few dry lines to summon me over in April, a pleasant month on heath-lands when the Southwest sweeps them.
Just as his uncle Everard predicted, he came home from his first voyage a pleasant sailor lad.
Lapham reddened once more, and murmured that it had been very pleasant to them, she was sure. 
Milray, but Miss Milray has such a pleasant house, and likes to get young people about her.
Mixed with pleasant recollections is the transient regret that you were not a spectator of the meeting of the Wilts and Denewdney streams.
Mrs Clay was very pleasant, and very smiling, but her courtesies and smiles were more a matter of course.
My lord had a pleasant pricking excitement in the sound.
No; but a pleasant haction.
Nobody cares for a letter; the thing is, to be always happy with pleasant companions.
Now they seemed in pleasant conversation.
Pasmer instantly saw all the pleasant things that would have followed in another event.
Pendyce in a high, light voice, very pleasant to the ear, and was at once shown to the white morning-room.
She heard that they had a new clerk, and that the boarders were not so pleasant.
She supposed he would supplicate; she saw that Clara Middleton was pleasant with him only for what she expected of his generosity.
She thought him a pleasant specimen of the self-vowed squire.
So easy and pleasant every way.
So far he passes muster; and he has a pleasant voice.
Society in Columbus at that day had a pleasant refinement which I think I do not exaggerate in the fond retrospect
That winter in London he behaved much as usual, but fits of moroseness would seize on him, during which he was not pleasant to approach.
I can remember the thrill of not knowing what I would get on Christmas morning.
It gave me a thrill to know I had passed the examination.
She gets an obvious thrill out of performing.
It gave me a big thrill to meet my favourite author in person.
Winning first place must have been quite a thrill.
She enjoyed the thrill of the chase.
They get a vicarious thrill from watching motor racing.
Audiences still thrill to the sound of The Rolling Stones.
Bella will sleep with anyone for a cheap thrill.
A thrill of alarm ran through him.
It's a great thrill for a cricket-lover like me to play at the home of cricket.
The thrill wears off after a few years of marriage. You'll see.
His speech caused a thrill among the audience.
With a thrill I realized that I had won.
She felt a thrill of excitement as the mountains came into view.
The children will thrill at all their favourite characters.
The unexpected news sent a thrill of anticipation through the group.
It gave me a real thrill to see her again after so many years.
It was a real thrill to meet the Queen.
People who adore the thrill of the chase know that prizes, like diamonds[sentencedict.com], are worth striving for.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money ; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. 
So why do people still go hunting - is it the thrill of the chase?
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
My childhood and adolescence were a joyous outpouring of energy, a ceaseless quest for expression, skill, and experience. School was only a background to the supreme delight of lessons in music, dance, and dramatics, and the thrill of sojourns in the country, theaters, concerts.
Death s inevitable.It's a promise made to each of us at birth.But before that promise is kept,we all hope something will happen to us,whether it is the thrill of romance,the joy of raising a family,or the anguish of great loss.We all hope to experience something that make our lives meaningful,but the sad fact is,not all lives have meaning.Some people spend their time on this planet just sitting on the sidelines,waiting for something to happen to them,before it's too late.
Even though I've been acting for years, I still get a thrill out of going on stage.
Asked why he went fox-hunting, he replied that he loved the thrill of the chase.
What did he really want? Was it just the thrill of the chase?
He used to steal from shops just for the thrill of it.
Some people take crazy risks because they get a thrill from courting danger.
At that moment she was oblivious of her surroundings, and from her smiling lips flowed sounds which anyone may produce at the same intervals and hold for the same time, but which leave you cold a thousand times and the thousand and first time thrill you and make you weep.
Experiences the same pleasurable thrill as did the skeppist of old at the sight of the first drone of the year, which betokens an early swarm.
His world-conception is highly animistic. He feels the thrill of life everywhere, in plants, earth, stars, the total universe.
The knife is then carefully examined, and if there be the slightest flaw in its blade the meat cannot be eaten, as the cut would not have been clean, the uneven blade causing a thrill to pass through the beast and thus driving the blood again through the arteries.
Never was man more free than Latimer from the taint of fanaticism or less dominated by " vainglory," but the motives which now inspired his courage not only placed him beyond the influence of fear, but enabled him to taste in dying an ineffable thrill of victorious achievement.
This was one such instance where he refused to look, instead reveling in the thrill of anticipation.
But it was the raw thrill at the idea of having her in his bed every night that lit his blood afire.
Sometimes she puts her hand on a singer's throat to feel the muscular thrill and contraction, and from this she gets genuine pleasure.
A brand new thrill.
thrill of the hunt.
It gave him a thrill.
It's the thrill of a.
The thrill is waiting.
It was quite a thrill.
It was a great thrill.
Thus the thrilling story of the Second Punic War is broken in upon by digressions on the contemporary affairs in Greece and Asia.
By careful training her voice, originally hard and harsh, had become flexible and melodious, and its low and muffled notes under the influence of passion possessed a thrilling and penetrating quality that was irresistible.
The simplicity and symmetry of his sentences, the modulations of his thrilling voice, the radiance of his fine face, even his slight hesitations and pauses over his manuscript, lent a strange charm to his speech.
" His composition," we read, " was stiff," but he was imbued with the substance of his authors; and a contemporary who was in the sixth form with him recorded that " when there were thrilling passages of Virgil or Homer, or difficult passages in the Scriptores Graeci, to translate, he or Lord Arthur Hervey was generally called up to edify the class with quotation or translation."
Yet it may be doubted whether any such division can be safely assumed; and it may suffice to repeat that no domestic tragedy has ever taught with more effective simplicity and thrilling truthfulness the homely double lesson of the folly of selfishness and the mad rashness of crime.
It is nearly certain that Buddha had a commanding presence, and one of those deep, rich, thrilling voices which so many of the successful leaders of men have possessed.
But it is impossible not to admire the copious variety of thought and language, and the evenly flowing style which carried him safely through the dreariest periods of his history; and still more remarkable is the dramatic power he displays when some great crisis or thrilling episode stirs his blood, such as the sack of Rome by the Gauls, the battle by the Metaurus and the death of Hasdrubal.
We are not so unreasonable as to blame him for failing to make his pages picturesque or thrilling; we do not want sunsets and stars and roses and ecstasy; but there is a certain standard for the most serious and abstract subjects.
His superb play inspired the team to a thrilling 50 win.
The children were captivated by his thrilling story.
Our wildlife trips offer a thrilling encounter with wildlife in its natural state.
Juventus overcame Ajax in a thrilling match.
This stadium has seen many thrilling football matches.
He kept his nerve to win a thrilling match.
They raced to a thrilling victory in the relay.
Her voice had a strange and thrilling resonance.
It's thrilling to see people diving into the sea from a cliff.
The tiger in the cage gave a thrilling cry.
She gave a thrilling account of her life in the jungle.
The book is a thrilling adventure story.
They depicted the thrilling situation to us in great detail.
Liverpool gained a thrilling 5?4 win over Glenavon.
The thrilling semi - finals set the stage for what should be a great game.
It is a thrilling tale of a haunted house and the ghosts therein.
The match had a thrilling finale,[http://sentencedict.com/thrilling.html] with three goals scored in the last five minutes.
His acrobatics yesterday were thrilling.
It's a thrilling movie even though it lacks subtlety.
Jon featured in one of the show's most thrilling episodes.
It might be thrilling at first, but it will probably end in pain and tears.
This thrilling epoch-making race Was by agreement taking place Along the road beneath the hill To finish by the barley-mill.
As space technology, Bio2 is the most thrilling news since the moon landings.
But he was thrilling to watch.
The niceties gave way to steely-eyed focus and thrilling adventure built on absolute confidence.
In a thrilling climactic scene during a howling blizzard in the mountains(sentencedict.com), he and Umegawa do kill themselves.
Few contests in the recent history of British boxing have been as thrilling.
The movie is not just blood and gore ; it has a thrilling story.
The film may lack subtlety and political correctness, but it can be thrilling if you let it.
An abbey! the very sound of the word is thrilling to the young devotee of the Gothic novel.
He's not exactly thrilled at the prospect of working for his old rival.
We were so thrilled to hear about the baby.
The majesty of the occasion thrilled us all.
The film Titanic thrilled the audience.
I was so thrilled to get a good report from him.
In the 1960s, the public thrilled to the idea of space exploration.
I'm thrilled to bits to have won the cash.
The film has thrilled audiences throughout the country.
The children are thrilled with the new arrival.
The children were thrilled to bits by their presents.
This band has thrilled audiences all over the world.
Jamie was thrilled when the teacher singled out his poem and asked him to read it out.
The traveller thrilled us with his stories.
I was thrilled to be invited.
She was thrilled at the idea of having her very own toys to play with.
I was thrilled by her beauty.
Wish you will love sentencedict.com and make progress everyday!
I'm not too thrilled with the way things stand at the moment.
'Are you pleased?' 'I'm thrilled.'
He was thrilled about being asked to play.
The poor girl thrilled with horror.
They were thrilled to discover a perfectly preserved specimen of Roman pottery.
I've always wanted a car, so I'm thrilled to bits.
Stories of adventure thrilled him.
He's thrilled to bits at the news.
I was secretly thrilled at the prospect of going there again.
We were thrilled to hear your wonderful news.
"I'm absolutely thrilled to have done what I've done," he declared.
A cold fear thrilled through my veins.
I was thrilled by your news.
She was thrilled to bits with her present.
In fact, he was thrilled.
She was thrilled to bits.
Aidan was thrilled with it.
Rodonaia was thrilled at.
son’s band were thrilled.
And she had the love of wild flowers, the watchful happiness in the seasons; poets thrilled her, books absorbed.
And then the blood thrilled along his veins, as if one more than mortal had touched him.
And, O my dear friend, how my leg tingled and thrilled, and how I wanted to kick!.
But, such as they are, they imparted a supreme emotion to our dying season, and thrilled the hotel with a fulness of summer life.
Clementina felt the fascination, too; she thought the slippers were beautiful, and her foot thrilled with a mysterious prescience of its fitness for them.
He thrilled surprisingly under the charm of feminine beauty.
He was familiar with her thrilled voice at a story of bravery.
He gets vicarious thrills from watching people bungee jumping.
They were just in search of cheap thrills .
He gets his thrills from rock-climbing.
He used to get cheap thrills out of frightening the girl next door.
Experience the thrills and spills of surfing!
The thrills and chills come from watching great athletes play their hearts out in front of wildly partisan spectators.
The audience would love the thrills and spills with the added spice of danger.
All the sadistic, immoral thrills of a million lifetimes put together could not begin to equal what I felt.
There were plenty of thrills and spills as the first round of the East Senior knockout cup got under way.
County skaters also can get their thrills at YMCA-run parks in Encinitas and Kearny Mesa.
No thrills, no frills Game presentation is appalling, with no intro screens and non end-of-level messages.
It is big on thrills and headily grapey with a lush sweetness.
If you need thrills, excitement and a good old dose of adrenalin, then the Ducati is a top option.
It thrills me to know that our organization has helped change lives.
Read in studio From the thrills of the Grand Prix circuit to the spills of the rally world.
The thrills of space, without leaving the ground. Welcome back to Central News.
Don't miss all the thrills and spills of Formula 1 Grand Prix racing on Channel 26!
These thumps are replaced by thrills when valvular insufficiencies or stenoses or congenital defects are present.
She thrills at the shrill clang of the ambulance bell.
Dutch auction gives you Bargain thrills.
The Disneyland tour was replete with unexpected thrills and suspense.
The scene thrills one like military music!
Its prime audience lies in the 17 to 24 age group, and they want instant thrills and spills.
Someday, even adolescent males may tire of the cheap thrills it provides, but that day has yet to come.
I had thrown away my chances in life, pawned them off for a few cheap thrills.
Around fifteen thousand spectators came to watch the thrills and spills ... for the organisers it proved another successful Classic.
Those guys only wish that spending millions of dollars on a series of unrelated thrills had the power to transform them.
Eventually car chases became a clich, and film makers explored alternative transport in their quest for cinematic thrills.
Do yu tell yu friends how yu get yu cheap thrills?
Opposite the baths stood two places of pleasure, the source of great thrills and delight for children of the area.
They are the specialists who are disenchanted with the simulated thrills of performing circus routines.
There is growing evidence of young people getting bored with their daily stars and seeking greater thrills in darker occult areas.
The network discovered that many of us like our no-frills beer, our Cheetos and our thrills cheap.
But they appreciated that getting wet was all part of the thrills and spills.
Our only hope for a good time is for the story to accelerate into amazing supernatural thrills.
This provides a safe and sheltered location in which groups of all ages can experience the thrills and spills of watersports.
They became regular fare at many drive-ins and small theaters catering especially to young audiences looking for thrills and titillation .
looks like the blood thirsty's best chance to get some thrills as we steamroll toward Thanksgiving.
Music historians attribute its popularity to its strong melodic line and use of cannon fire, which adds a percussive charge that thrills audiences.
Water ski will bring us ecstasy in making achievements and thrills in facing challenges.
