They angered me.
Tom's anger faded.
Tom's anger subsided.
We understand your anger.
I can understand your anger.
I couldn't control my anger.
Tom couldn't hide his anger.
He is subject to fits of anger.
Tom couldn't contain his anger.
Tom couldn't control his anger.
Tom took out his anger on Mary.
Tom couldn't restrain his anger.
Tom couldn't suppress his anger.
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.
Tom concealed his anger from Mary.
Tom took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
Tom has anger issues.
Tom is slow to anger.
He was prone to anger.
Her anger was genuine.
He exploded with anger.
he suppressed his anger.
I need to vent my anger.
Anger is hard to control.
Anger showed on his face.
He is burning with anger.
He often shows his anger.
She flared up with anger.
She turned away in anger.
He was blazing with anger.
He was seething with anger.
She was burning with anger.
He banged the door in anger.
her anger is understandable.
his anger is understandable.
His eyes flashed with anger.
Tom tried to hide his anger.
You have no cause for anger.
I could not control my anger.
He could not control his anger.
He tried to restrain his anger.
tom tried to conceal his anger.
Tom tried to control his anger.
Bob could not control his anger.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He tried to hold back his anger.
Tom's anger hurt their marriage.
Her voice was shaking with anger.
His eyes were blazing with anger.
Jim managed to control his anger.
She went out of the room in anger.
Soon, their hunger turned to anger.
Tom could barely contain his anger.
Jim was able to hold back his anger.
Tom was unable to conceal his anger.
Tom was unable to control his anger.
His anger towards me has not softened.
His constant insults aroused my anger.
His constant insults aroused her anger.
Tom couldn't seem to control his anger.
Do you have an anger management problem?
There was a trace of anger in her voice.
A frown may express anger or displeasure.
He concealed his anger from the audience.
I had to stifle my anger in front of him.
The Allies were filled with bitter anger.
The news caused him to explode with anger.
his actions greatly angered Mexican leaders.
His apparent anger proved to be only a joke.
Where can I find an outlet for all my anger?
There was a suggestion of anger in his voice.
The speaker aroused the anger of the audience.
She held back her anger, and smiled graciously.
When was the last time you angered your mother?
He needs a more productive outlet for his anger.
Susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger.
In spite of his anger, he listened to me patiently.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear.
She broke the dish on purpose just to show her anger.
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
we were shocked by the intensity of our mother's anger.
I don't think I'll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
You should find a more constructive way of venting your anger.
Would it be fair to say you have a problem controlling your anger?
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
God loves those who can control their anger and forgive unintentional negligence.
Weren't you angry?
You bet I'm angry.
You're very angry.
Grace looked angry.
I'm angry with her.
Is she still angry?
My mother is angry.
Tom got very angry.
Tom is quite angry.
Tom is still angry.
We're really angry.
Why were you angry?
Are you angry at me?
Are you still angry?
don't make me angry.
I know you're angry.
That made Tom angry.
Tom is angry at you.
Tom is really angry.
Tom made Mary angry.
Tom went home angry.
What made Tom angry?
You're really angry.
Are they still angry?
Don't make Tom angry.
He easily gets angry.
He is angry with you.
I know Tom was angry.
I think Tom is angry.
I'm not really angry.
Many of us are angry.
She is angry with me.
Tom got really angry.
Tom is angry at Mary.
Tom is angry with us.
Tom is getting angry.
Why are you so angry?
i assume you're angry.
I knew you'd be angry.
I made Tom very angry.
I was angry at myself.
I'm not angry anymore.
Please don't be angry.
Tom didn't look angry.
Tom gets angry easily.
Tom is probably angry.
Tom is very angry now.
Tom seldom gets angry.
Tom still looks angry.
Tom was angry at Mary.
What Tom said made you angry, didn't it?
I don't like people who get angry easily.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for getting angry.
I think I did something to make Tom angry.
She was so angry that she could not speak.
The instant I saw him I knew he was angry.
Tom couldn't help getting angry with Mary.
Tom is angry that Mary disagrees with him.
Tom was angry with himself for being late.
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
She said nothing that would make him angry.
Tom can't understand why Mary got so angry.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with him.
Tom got angry when he found the door locked.
Tom got angry with the high school students.
What you don't want to do is make Tom angry.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
She looked at him and knew that he was angry.
Tom doesn't like people who get angry easily.
Tom must be angry with Mary for what she did.
I know the reason why Tom was angry with them.
Tom can't really blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary was so angry.
Tom left the water running and Mary got angry.
If he finds out, certainly he will be very angry.
It's already ten o'clock. My mother must be angry.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry with me.
Tom doesn't know what he did to make Mary so angry.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary got angry with him.
You should make sure that you don't make Tom angry.
I was careful not to say anything to make him angry.
I was very angry with myself for my lack of courage.
Tom was angry at Mary because she parked in his space.
I can't seem to do anything that doesn't make Tom angry.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom angry.
If Tom's girlfriend knew he was here now, she'd be very angry.
Because of his impolite reply, she got angry and slapped his face.
Why does Tom always seem to like doing things that make other people angry?
Tom certainly should be careful not to make Mary angry when she's holding a knife.
He is an angry drunk.
He rarely gets angry.
He seldom gets angry.
I think he was angry.
It makes me so angry.
The people are angry.
This makes her angry.
You sure sound angry.
you've made me angry.
Are you angry with me?
He made an angry face.
He was hurt and angry.
I have made him angry.
I'm rarely this angry.
The workers are angry.
you look pretty angry.
You've made Tom angry.
He is in an angry mood.
He was drunk and angry.
I was hungry and angry.
Karen is angry with me.
She may well get angry.
What is he angry about?
You shouldn't be angry.
Father is angry with me.
He is not angry anymore.
He's angry and paranoid.
He's angry at the world.
His letter made me angry.
I know how angry Tom is.
Nixon became very angry.
Tom is a very angry boy.
Tom is angry and afraid.
Tom is really angry now.
Tom was angry with Mary.
Tom was obviously angry.
I was more angry than sad.
Try not to make him angry.
What is he so angry about?
Why are you angry with me?
Why are you guys so angry?
Yumiko was a little angry.
He almost never gets angry.
He was angry with his wife.
His rudeness made me angry.
I'm really angry right now.
Jane made an angry gesture.
Karen is not angry with me.
My letter made Susie angry.
This answer made him angry.
This answer makes me angry.
This got many people angry.
Tom is angry and disgusted.
Tom is still angry at Mary.
Tom said that he was angry.
Tom spoke in an angry tone.
Tom was angry with himself.
Tom was too angry to speak.
Why are you angry with Tom?
Your brother is very angry.
Are you still angry with me?
He was naturally very angry.
I thought that he was angry.
I thought Tom sounded angry.
I wonder why he is so angry.
I'm a little angry with you.
i'm pretty sure Tom's angry.
this made many people angry.
Tom almost never gets angry.
Tom asked me if I was angry.
tom began to get very angry.
tom had reasons to be angry.
Tom is angry and frustrated.
Tom obviously is very angry.
Tom suddenly got very angry.
What caused you to be angry?
A hungry man is an angry man.
Are you angry at what I said?
Nothing ever makes him angry.
She was understandably angry.
The boss will be angry at me.
Tom is angry and embarrassed.
What she said made him angry.
What you said made Tom angry.
He easily gets angry nowadays.
He got angry with his brother.
He was angry at what she said.
His unkindness made her angry.
I thought Tom might get angry.
I wonder why Tom was so angry.
I'm angry with you about this.
i'm sure that he'll get angry.
President Jefferson was angry.
Taro gets angry quite quickly.
We all know that you're angry.
Why are you so angry with him?
Why was it that she got angry?
An angry crowd screamed at her.
He got angry at being insulted.
He was angry with his daughter.
I never want to make you angry.
I understand that you're angry.
I'm by no means angry with you.
I'm never angry without reason.
I'm still angry because of her.
Mother often got angry with us.
Now, please don't get so angry.
There's no reason to get angry.
This is making me really angry.
Tom is kind of angry right now.
Tom seems frustrated and angry.
Are you sure Tom won't be angry?
his crude jokes made Jane angry.
I was angry because he was late.
It is rare for him to get angry.
It's unlike him to get so angry.
My father is very angry with me.
That is why I am angry with him.
The old man is angry and bitter.
There's no need to get so angry.
tom wondered why Mary was angry.
Why he got angry is quite clear.
He has good reason to get very angry.
He was angry that I had insulted him.
Their rude behavior makes me angry.
That made Theodore Roosevelt angry.
She looked sad because i was angry.
She got angry with the naughty boy.
She got angry at his rude behavior.
He gets angry if he's contradicted.
I certainly had no idea Tom was angry.
He always yells at me when he is angry.
It was his silence that made her angry.
My sister fixed me with an angry stare.
He was so angry that his veins stood out.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He was angry, but he listened to me patiently.
If Tom was angry before, he'll be furious now.
Being angry, he loudly rattled the locked door.
Far from being pleased, my father is very angry.
The teacher is likely to get angry with the students.
The soldier with the swollen cheek looked angrily at the cavalry singers.
In reply to an inquiry about the convicts in the prison, Count Rostopchin shouted angrily at the governor.
he shouted loudly and angrily, "take it off, blockhead!".
That's all right! said he; and looking angrily at the unconscious little princess, he shook his head reprovingly and slammed the door.
Balak angrily taunted Balaam with having lost the honours intended for him, and bade him flee to his own place.
She screamed desperately and angrily and tried with her little hands to pull Pierre's hands away and to bite them with her slobbering mouth.
That's all right! said he; and looking angrily at the unconscious little princess, he shook his head reprovingly and slammed the door.
One of the soldiers, evidently suffering, shouted gruffly and angrily at Pierre to go back.
His eyes flashed angrily and he stepped forward, reaching for her.
The general became silent, angrily pulling down his tight scarf.
When she had left the room the prince again began speaking about his son, about the war, and about the Emperor, angrily twitching his brows.
The more she learned of this place, the angrier she became.
It made her angrier at her mate, who systematically shut the doors around her and also managed to interfere with her ability to trust anyone else.
She hesitated, sensing he would be angrier with her than Jule or Dustin had been.
angriness is not good for health.
angriness made him mad.
his angriness tends his life into hell.
angriness is when your partner is not talking to you.
angriness is when the one you love the most is not replying to you.
Maybe it angered him because she hadn't found him irresistible.
As much as they angered him, Gabriel wasn't going to let anything happen to her, especially in his own domain.
It was an unreasonable request, and yet his response angered her.
But as if this angered him, he bent his head quite low and muttered:
He sought in himself either remorse for having angered his father or regret at leaving home for the first time in his life on bad terms with him, and was horrified to find neither.
The caliph replied by a threatening letter which angered Abdarrahman.
The colonists were also angered by the attempt to 1 Between 1735 and 1746 the southern boundary was first definitely established by a joint commission of North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia.
Taran said nothing, angered that Memon was capable of as many secrets as Rissa.
Towards the end of June the chief of the Jaalin tribe, Abdalla wad Said, who occupied Metemma, angered by the khalifa, made his submission to Kitchener and asked for support, at the same time foolishly sending a defiant letter to the khalifa.
Meanwhile some of the Lutherans, Sch,nal- angered and alarmed by the decisions of the Reichsalden.
In the sequel Daniel proves to the king that the priests with their wives and children came in through privy doors and consumed the viands set before the god; and the king, angered at their trickery, slew them all and gave Bel over to Daniel for destruction.
Ali was angered by the refusal to surrender Parga and justly suspicious of the ambitions which this refusal implied; he could not feel himself secure with the Ionian Islands and the Dalmatian coast in the hands of a power whose plans in the East were notorious, and he was glad enough to avail himself of Napoleon's reverses in 1812 to help to rid himself of so dangerous a neighbor.
Italy Prussian attempted to negotiate with Austria for the purchase of ~ Venetia; but the offer was curtly refused by the emperor Francis Joseph, and the counter-proposal of a commercial rapprochement was forestalled by Prussia, which with the aid of most of the lesser states, angered by the betrayal of their interests by Austria at Gastein, arranged a commercial treaty between Italy and the Zoilverein, an act which involved the recognition of the Italian kingdom.
What angered him was that the coming of these visitors revived in his mind an unsettled question he always tried to stifle, one about which he always deceived himself.
Angered by this step, Ras Alula took prisoners the members of an Italian exploring party commanded by Count Salimbeni, and held them as hostages for the evacuation of Wa.
By his condemnation of Gallicanism (1613) Paul angered France, and provoked the defiant declaration of the states general of 1614 that the king held his crown from God alone.
Hades, the abode of Nin-erisgal or Allat, had been entered by Nergal, who, angered by a message sent to her by the gods of the upper world, ordered Namtar to strike off her head.
The contrast had angered the country, and the Articles of War had been amended precisely in order that there might be one law for all.
Motamid, who wished to free himself from the guardianship of his brother Mowaffaq, concerted with him a plan to emigrate to Egypt, Ahmad being himself angered against Mowaffaq on personal grounds.
Another sudden change took place a few years later, James falling out of humour with the church on the question of the restoration of the Roman Catholic lords and angered by the free criticism of some of the ministers.
On Palm Sunday 1282, in a time of peace, David suddenly attacked and burnt Hawarden Castle, whereupon all Wales was up in arms. Edward, greatly angered and now bent on putting an end for ever to the independence of the Principality, hastened into Wales; but whilst the king was campaigning in Gwynedd, Prince Llewelyn himself was slain in an obscure skirmish on the 11th of December 1282 at Cefn-ybedd, near Builth on the Wye, whither he had gone to rouse the people of Brycheiniog.
Musa, though angered by the disobedience of Tariq, hastened to the rescue and embarked in April 712 with 18,000 men, among them many noble Arabs, and began, advised by Julian, a methodical campaign, with the purpose of establishing and securing a line of communication between the sea and Toledo.
Late successes in the novel has been those of Hilma, Angered-Strandberg and Gustaf Janson (Paradise, 1900).
Jackson could brook no criticism from one whom he had considered a friend; Calhoun, moreover, angered the president still further by his evident sanction of the social proscription of Mrs Eaton (q.v.); the political views of the two men, furthermore, were becoming more and more divergent, and the rupture between the two became complete.
The Norman attacks on Benevento, a papal fief, alarmed and angered Gregory, but pressed hard by the emperor, Henry IV., he turned again to the Normans, and at Ceprano (June r080) reinvested Robert, securing him also in the southern Abruzzi, but reserving Salerno.
A few years later Ulrich quarrelled with the Swabian League, and its forces, helped by William IV., duke of Bavaria, who was angered by the treatment meted out by Ulrich to his wife Sabina, a Bavarian princess, invaded Wurttemberg, expelled the duke and sold his duchy to the emperor Charles V.
At the end of a year La Barre was replaced by the marquis de Denonville, a man of ability and courage, who, though he showed some vigour in marching against the western Iroquois tribes, angered rather than intimidated them, and the massacre of Lachine (5th of August 1689) must be regarded as one of the unhappy results of his administration.
He incurred the wrath of that king, who, angered at some act of defiance, ordered the massacre of every Fula in his dominions.
Turned his attention at once to the reformation of the higher clergy, and, in spite of the warnings of Catherine of Siena, so angered the cardinals by his harsh and ill-tempered measures that they assembled at Anagni in July 1378, and revoked his election, in which they declared they had acted under fear of violence.
The first of these centred round the restless and unruly Welfs; after a time these insurgents were joined by their former enemies, the rulers of Saxony, of Thuringia and of Meissen, who were angered by Henrys conduct.
Angered by this sacrifice of their lands and excited by prophecies of the coming of the Messiah, a considerable number of the Indians went on the warpath, but after a short campaign they were defeated by General Nelson A.
In disposition they are quiet and gentle, and do not show much intelligence; they are also less noisy than the true lemurs, only when alarmed or angered making a noise which has been compared to the clucking of a fowl.
Smarting under defeat and angered by Hamilton's criticisms, Burr sent the challenge which resulted in the famous duel at Weehawken, N.J., on the 11th of July 1804, and the death of Hamilton on the following day.
In spite of his conciliatory policy, Clement angered Henry VI.
The young widow, remarkable for her character and beauty, was seized by Lothair's successor, Berengar II., margrave of Ivrea, who, angered probably at her refusal to marry his son Adalbert and thus secure his title to the Italian kingdom, kept her in close confinement at Como.
Angered at this, his father hurled him into the sea.
Mary was obliged to share the guardianship of her infant son with his grandmother Amelia, the widow of Frederick Henry, and with Frederick William, elector of Brandenburg; moreover, she was unpopular with the Dutch owing to her sympathies with her kinsfolk, the Stuarts, and at length public opinion having been further angered by the hospitality which she showed to her brothers, Charles II.
Calonne, angered, printed his reports and so alienated the court.
It did little to satisfy the Radicals, who were angered by the refusal of the second' chamber to agree to their proposal for the summoning.
In his last years he prepared a change in the order of succession established by his dynasty in Spain, which angered a large part of the nation, and made a civil war inevitable.
Among those whom he had angered was Sir Robert Graham.
His enemies in France cast him into prison; but the bishop of Angers and other powerful friends, of whom he had a considerable number, had sufficient influence to procure his release.
isn't that annoying?
This is so annoying.
You really annoy me.
Tom is annoying Mary.
That's pretty annoying.
This noise is annoying.
You're really annoying.
Even Tom looked annoyed.
tom seems to be annoyed.
That's an annoying habit.
Tom seems really annoyed.
Do you find that annoying?
I didn't want to annoy you.
She is very annoyed with me.
You're starting to annoy me.
I'm not annoying anyone, am I?
I'm seriously annoyed with Tom.
Tom is just as annoying as Mary.
Tom seems to find that annoying.
Tom seems to be slightly annoyed.
Tom seems more annoyed than angry.
Tom was annoyed by Mary's silence.
I told you Tom was really annoying.
Tom had an annoyed look on his face.
tom seems uncomfortable and annoyed.
tom was annoyed at the interruption.
I can see how that might be annoying.
Tom seems to be annoyed with himself.
Tom annoyed me with a lot of questions.
I was annoyed with him for interrupting me.
If it annoys you so much, file a complaint.
Tom slammed the door shut just to annoy Mary.
Tom had the annoying habit of hardly ever answering email messages.
For me, listening to loud music is annoying.
When Fred hears loud music, he gets annoyed.
Stop bugging me with your annoying questions!
I was annoyed with him for keeping me waiting.
That's the most annoying song I've ever heard.
This will teach you not to annoy other people.
The cigarette smoke annoyed the other passengers.
She was annoyed because she had been kept waiting.
Tom annoyed everyone with his constant complaints.
There were a lot of annoying insects flying around.
Be careful of what you say, for he's easily annoyed.
He arrived an hour late, which annoyed me very much.
Looking at his face, you could tell that he was annoyed.
He arrived half an hour late, which annoyed us very much.
It's annoying to hear people talking loudly in a library.
the two of you are the most annoying people I've ever met.
It isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
You're just as annoying as you were the last time I met you.
That sound annoyed me at first, but now I've gotten used to it.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
I think I'm getting a headache thinking about how annoying Chris is.
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
The people next door were annoyed with us for making so much noise last night.
There's nothing more annoying than a group of young girls all trying to talk at the same time.
don't annoy me.
annoy is a verb that make person uncomfortable and angry.
Nevertheless, to the end of his career, he continued to harass and annoy his long-suffering benefactor with fresh impertinences.
after much resistance, formally agreed to recognize the alliance of Geneva with the two towns and not to annoy the Genevese any more.
The reasons for his annoyance are now well known.
His chief defect was an over-sensitiveness, leading to peevish and unreasonable behaviour in his private and official relations, to hasty and unbalanced judgments of persons and things that had given him annoyance.
The look of annoyance had already disappeared from Boris' face: having evidently reflected.
Their daring grew with their numbers, and at last they came to be a constant annoyance to all their neighbours.
Occasionally a little breeze puffed in but it was more of an annoyance than a help, scattering papers and patience in a hot breath of sweat and exhaust.
As the feast took place "on mid-winter's day" the annoyance of those who were without would be intelligible.
The very few Ottoman guns which had been causing the freshly disembarked troops a good deal of annoyance.
The national jealousy of foreigners, was at first a source of annoyance to him; but such prejudices were gradually disarmed by the inoffensiveness of his demeanour.
In spite of the discouraging conditions in which they found themselves, and of the constant annoyance suffered from hostile artillery fire, the troops were in fair heart, while the tactical efficiency of the recently created divisions, which had not been of a high standard when they arrived in the theatre of war, had appreciably progressed.
But other annoyances were not wanting from unfaithful disciples and unsympathetic critics.
Especially complicated was the ancient Babylonian demonology; all the petty annoyances of life - a sudden fall, a headache, a quarrel - were set down to the agency of fiends; all the stronger emotions - love, hate, jealousy and so on.
his frankness of disposition sometimes exposed him to annoyances which he might have avoided by the exercise of ordinary tact.
Mrs Carlyle had to pass many hours alone, and the management of the household and of devices intended to shield him from annoyances was left entirely to her.
She'd never dated a man half as handsome, annoying, or caring as Romas, and she expected there were very few men like him to go around.
The attention of the reader was distracted, and his good taste annoyed, by the incessant use of puns, of which Hood had written in his own vindication.
he is the annoyer of the whole class.
his friend is also help him so that they both become the annoyer of the class.
despite being good in class, he is annoyer of the school.
being annoyer is not the good thing.
it is irritating being annoyer.
At least the lights aren’t as annoyingly bright.
annoyingly long winded, no matter what the occasion.
It had to be better than those annoyingly feminine.
She looks back at Teresa and annoyingly asks, "And?".
But it constantly ranged and I annoyingly picked it up.
Annoyingly to him, the park is primarily an open space.
She turned and gestured to the waitress annoyingly about.
Dylan sat staring at the duo, feeling annoyingly left out.
"Ten more minutes!" the annoyingly perky teacher called out.
Roth sighed in exasperation, staring at the ceiling annoyingly.
Aunt Celeste nods her head as Mary annoyingly looks at her.
The doctor looks up at Diane and annoyingly says, Nothing Miss.
Diane D annoyingly looks at Kory as he shrugs his shoulders at her.
Annoyingly, my hand is shaking … that was unexpected to say the least.
Instead a flimsy little weasel of a man had moved annoyingly into the room.
Mary annoyingly looks at Aunt Celeste then turns and looks towards the hallway.
The doctor looks at Diane and annoyingly says, "Miss, let me handle this okay?".
By Monday it was hot and muggy, the lingering moisture in the air annoyingly heavy.
Annoyingly the producers smile became contemplative and he stood up and began to pace.
They twisted and turned annoyingly along the rocky wall, more a ladder than actual stairs.
"Which of course won't be in the least true," said Audrey, going on being annoyingly honest.
Sammy and Thomas annoyingly look at Dana, then walk away from her as she sadly looks at them.
And, somehow, annoyingly erotic.
An infuriatingly smug and annoyingly sexy grin.
By the by, I think bites on fingers should also yield bonus points because of their annoyingness.
your way takes way more time and is way more annoying (the annoyingness of protocol vs improvement in data tradeoff).
The awesomeness of the latter cannot overcome the annoyingness of the former.
bad sci-fi novels who is ironically the only character to not reach unbearable levels of annoyingness.
But in his annoyingness, he has also taught me important lessons about money and other things.
But aside from the annoyingness of that particular term, this whole “there are two kinds of libertarians” frame is, if possible, even stupider than the average for bromides of the form “there are two kinds of X,” which is pretty low.
I think that it's because I do believe that, deep down, somewhere between the book deals and the celebrity endorsements, he does care about people eating decently and having a love of, or at least an appreciation for, good food, and that sort of cancels out all the other annoyingness.
boy meets girl, boy somehow remains oblivious to girl's inherent annoyingness, boy marries girl, boy meets pretty French model at own wedding, boy starts shagging model, wife remains annoying.
It's very bitter.
It made Tom bitter.
This tea is too bitter.
They are bitter enemies.
Tom is angry and bitter.
This coffee is too bitter.
He had a bitter experience.
This medicine tastes bitter.
I'm not bitter.
In 1243 a new pope, Innocent IV., was elected, who prosecuted the war with still bitterer spirit.
The affairs of Europe during the years when Habsburg and Bourbon fought their domestic battles with the blood of noble races may teach grave lessons to all thoughtful men of our days, but none bitterer, none fraught with more insulting recollections, than to the Italian people, who were haggled over like dumb driven cattle in the mart of chaffering kings.
Opened his first imperial diet at Worms early in 1521, and a committee of German princes drafted a list of gravamina, longer and bitterer than any preceding one.
A virgin martyr who is threatened with loss of honour as a bitterer punishment than loss of life offers points as powerful as they are perilous.
It's bitter cold.
You sound bitter.
She wept bitterly.
She cried bitterly.
It's awfully bitter.
This beer is bitter.
Tom gave a bitter laugh.
Cocoa can be very bitter.
Many of them were bitter.
It tastes a little bitter.
This coffee tastes bitter.
The medicine tastes bitter.
Good medicine tastes bitter.
I was bitterly disappointed.
The taste of love is bitter.
It was bitterly cold outside.
She is very bitter toward me.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
She endured to the bitter end.
Tom was bitterly disappointed.
We've had some bitter winters.
The winters were bitterly cold.
This coffee has a bitter taste.
The old man is angry and bitter.
Why are you so bitter against her?
It was bitterly cold in Washington.
The Allies were filled with bitter anger.
The coffee is too bitter for me to drink.
We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
His misfortunes caused him great bitterness.
It is said that the taste of love is bitter.
Her face expressed her bitter disappointment.
We had many bitter experiences during the war.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
the discussions were long and sometimes bitter.
I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
The wronged parties couldn't help but feel bitter.
She has only bitter memories of her time with them.
Japanese and American forces were still fighting bitterly.
Whatever happens, I'll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
She bitterly regretted having said something that displeased her mother-in-law.
He only showed his own personality in an egoism more narrow-minded, in 1559.) hatred yet bitterer than his fathers; or in a haughty and jealous insistence upon an absolute authority which he never had the wit to maintain.
While the prisoner defended himself with the calmest dignity and self-possession, Coke burst into the bitterest invective, brutally addressing the great courtier as if he had been a servant, in the phrase, long remembered for its insolence and its utter injustice - "Thou hast an English face, but a 'Spanish heart!"
In 1075 he caused the investiture of ecclesiastica dignitaries by secular potentates of any degree to be condemned These two reforms, striking at the most cherished privileges ant most deeply-rooted self-indulgences of the aristocratic caste ii Europe, inflamed the bitterest hostility.
The convention was kept secret, pital but the last clause leaked out and caused the bitterest arr as- feeling among the people of Turin, who would have asf red to been resigned to losing the capital provided it were La ~rence, transferred to Rome, but resented the fact that it was un to be established in any other city, and that the conntion was made without consulting parliament.
At the expiration of the 20 days Ayaz gave the paper to the sultan, who on opening it found the celebrated satire which is now always prefixed to copies of the Shdhnama, and which is perhaps one of the bitterest and severest pieces of reproach ever penned.
The campaign that followed was one of the bitterest political contests in American history.
Alexander was driven into transports of rage by this championship of the ancien regime by one who had been a servant of its bitterest foe.
The Jesuits abandoned the system of free education which had won them so much influence and honour; by attaching themselves exclusively to the interests of courts, they lost favour with the middle and lower classes; and above all, their monopoly of power and patronage in France, with the fatal use they had made of it, drew down the bitterest hostility upon them.
She was jealous as a lover of the child's affection, and the struggle between the mother and grandmother was one of the bitterest of Aurore's childish troubles.
Lucaris was several times temporarily deposed and banished at the instigation of his orthodox opponents and of the Jesuits, who were his bitterest enemies.
After the other, it was the bitterest possible experience that could befall him, nor, in the state of mental desolation into which it plunged him, could he find any comfort from being soon again set free.
Hugh Dubh had been chief of the O'Donnells during one of the bitterest and most protracted of the feuds between his clan and the O'Neills, which in 1491 led to a war lasting more than ten years.
Astute and unscrupulous manipulation of the stock markets, and a capacity for the hardest of bargaining and the most determined warfare against his rivals, had their place in this success, and Harriman's methods excited the bitterest criticism, culminating in a stern denunciation from President Roosevelt himself in 1907.
In the decade following 1880, struggles in the western counties for the location of county seats (the bitterest local political fights known in western states) repeatedly led to bloodshed and the interference of state militia.
It seems that he deliberately courted martyrdom, anxious apparently that his death should deal th~ king the bitterest blow that it was in.
Throughout the war he allied himself with the most radical of the Republican faction in opposition to President Lincoln's policy, and subsequently became one of the bitterest opponents of President Johnson's plan of reconstruction.
The Persian soldier in Herodotus, following Xerxes to foreseen ruin, confides to his fellow-guest at the banquet that the bitterest pain which man can know is 7roXXa Opo 40v-ra, unSEvOs Kpariaav, - complete, but helpless, prescience.
No one of the sectional leaders commanded general confidence, and personal rivalries were of the bitterest kind.
Philip Augustus, who was to be the bitterest enemy of Henry II.
In private life his loyalty to his friends, and his "genius for friendship" (as John Morley said) made a curious contrast to his capacity for arousing the bitterest political hostility.
Nicholas, though he had never seen Ilagin, with his usual absence of moderation in judgment, hated him cordially from reports of his arbitrariness and violence, and regarded him as his bitterest foe. 
In his lifetime, Defoe, as not belonging to either of the great parties at a time of the bitterest party strife, was subjected to obloquy on both sides.
How would you use bitterish in a sentence?
Cochineal has a musty and bitterish taste.
Thereupon Pretorius, with those most bitterly opposed to British rule, retreated across the Vaal.
He was bitterly opposed to the war of 1812, and openly advocated the formation of a northern confederacy to escape the rule of the "Virginia dynasty."
Calhoun, bitterly hostile to the last, objected to the usual vote of thanks to the retiring vice-president, but withdrew his objection.
Thus, towards the end of his reign, Louis found himself cut off from the Greek emperor, his sole ally in the Balkans, by a chain of bitterly hostile Greek-Orthodox states, extending from the Black Sea to the Adriatic. The 1 Knatchbull-Hugessen, i.
Much was hoped from the duma, but this body has proved bitterly opposed to the Jewish claim for liberty.
Amari's La Guerra del Vespro Siciliano (8th ed., Florence, 1876) is a valuable history, but the author is too bitterly prejudiced against the French to be quite impartial; his work should be compared with L.
According to a later story, Achilles, after he had slain the Amazonian queen Penthesilea, bitterly lamented her death; for this he was reviled by Thersites, who even insulted the body of the dead queen.
He was bitterly denounced by slaveholders and also by such non-slaveholders as disapproved of all antislavery agitation, and in January 1827 he was assaulted and seriously injured by a slave-trader, Austin Woolfolk, whom he had severely criticized in his paper.
The loss of their independence was, however, felt bitterly by the broken out the Free State began to expel British subjects, and the very first act of war was committed by Free State Boers, who, on the 11th of October, seized a train upon the border belonging to Natal.
He had lost his hold upon Pennsylvania and his support in the house, while a cabal in the senate, bitterly and personally hostile to the treasury, crippled the administration and reduced every government measure to mere inanity.
I-6, in which the public and private corruption of a hopeless age is bitterly bewailed, possibly belongs to the same context.
Even after the Peace of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748) the Iroquois complained bitterly of the fraudulent land speculators, and in 1753 the chiefs of the Mohawks threatened to declare the covenant chain broken.
In Bosnia the weather resembles that of the south Austrian highlands, generally mild, though apt to be bitterly cold in winter.
1916, at the time of the first Military Service bill, from pledging themselves to support the Government in the prosecution of the war; but he declared at the same time, to the general surprise, that he and his friends were the most bitterly antiGerman section of the people.
In a pathetic speech to his children on his deathbed, he bitterly lamented his youthful offence in opposing the prophet, although Mahomet had forgiven him and had frequently affirmed that "there was no Mussulman more sincere and steadfast in the faith than `Amr."
From Strido he went to Aquileia, where he formed some friendships among the monks of the large monastery, notably with Rufinus, with whom he was destined to quarrel bitterly over the question of Origen's orthodoxy and worth as a commentator; for Jerome was a man who always sacrificed a friend to an opinion, and when he changed sides in a controversy expected his acquaintances to follow him.
The French ambassador, de la Haye, had delayed bringing him the customary gifts, with the idea that he would, like his predecessors, speedily give place to a new grand vizier; Kuprili was bitterly offended, and, on pretext of an abuse of the immunities of diplomatic correspondence, bastinadoed the ambassador's son and cast him and the ambassador himself into prison.
He had no sooner done so than he bitterly repented his weakness; and acting, as he himself says, on the principle that " to take an oath which never ought to have been taken is to estrange one's self from God, but to retract what one has wrongfully sworn to, is to return back to God," when he got safe again into France he attacked the transubstantiation theory more vehemently than ever.
Although bitterly opposed by the partisans of scholastic routine, Genovesi found influential patrons, amongst them Bartolomeo Intieri, a Florentine, who in 1754 founded the first Italian or European chair of political economy (commerce and mechanics), on condition that Genovesi should be the first professor, and that it should never be held by an ecclesiastic. The fruit of Genovesi's professorial labours was the Lezioni di Commercio, the first complete and systematic work in Italian on economics.
He was for a few years a successful "coach" at Oxford, but in 1838 Was bitterly disappointed at not being elected to the professorship of Greek at Glasgow.
A disciple of Neander and friend of Richard Rothe, Muller bitterly opposed the philosophy of Hegel and the criticism of F.
At Denver the South Platte is joined by Cherry Creek, and here in October 1858 were established on opposite sides of the creek two bitterly rival settlements, St Charles and Auraria; the former was renamed almost immediately Denver, after General J.
It is of interest to note that, although John Bunyan was bitterly opposed to Quakers, his friends, on hearing of the petition contemplated by them, requested them to insert his name on the list, and in this way he gained his freedom.
He bitterly resented the concession of independence to Scotland by the treaty of Northampton of 1328, and the death of Robert Bruce in 1329 gave him a chance of retrieving his position.
The Jews, less bitterly opposed to Mahommedanism than the Christians were, caught fire more rapidly, and in some cases served as an intermediate link or channel of communication.
The imposition of these taxes was bitterly resented in the colonies, where it quickly crystallized public opinion round the principle of " No taxation without representation."
During the three or four years which followed the signing of the Augsburg Confession in 1530 and the formation of the Schmalkaldic League, England, while bitterly dep ouncing and burning Lutheran heretics in the name of the Holy Catholic Church, was herself engaged in severing the bonds which had for well-nigh a thousand of years bound her to the Apostolic See.
They felt they must resist him to the death, and with the troops scattered throughout Italy, and the newly enfranchised Italians, to whom it was understood that Sulla was bitterly hostile, they counted confidently on success.
The losses in battle having been insignificant, there remain some 30,000 to account for - most of whom probably escaped individually by the help of the inhabitants, who were bitterly hostile to the French.
He directs this spirit of revolt also against the sources of his own inspiration; he turns bitterly against Wagner, whose intimate friend and enthusiastic admirer he had been, and denounces him as the musician of decadent emotionalism; he rejects his "educator" Schopenhauer's pessimism, and transforms his will to live into a "Will to Power."
His perfect command of temper, his moderation of speech and action, in a bitterly personal age, never failed, and were his most effective weapons; but he made his power felt in other ways.
Bitterness crept through her as she dwelled on his words.
Africanum, and like opaque bdellium lacks the white streaks which are characteristic of myrrh and bissa bol, both are acrid, but have scarcely any bitterness or aroma.
Suddenly, Deidre's vague story of lost love and Gabe's bitterness towards her clicked.
Some comments by Wesley upon Toplady's presentation of Calvinism led to a controversy which was carried on with much bitterness on both sides.
His was a bitter awakening, and the bitterness of it found expression in some remarkable words addressed to the volksraad: " I would rather," said Burgers in March 1877, " be a policeman under a strong government than the president of such a state.
The bitterness which this occurrence provoked was intensified by a political reaction which was initiated about the same time under Kenneritz.
The tone of the canvass was one of unusual bitterness, amounting sometimes to actual ferocity.
No child ever drank deeper of the cup of bitterness than I did.
She recalled with bitterness how he'd plied her with potion, falsely igniting her deep seeded passions until there was no turning back from his rampant lust.
The bitterness in his voice was not lost on Gabe.
But Nef'i could revile as well as praise, and such was the bitterness of some of his satires that certain influential personages who came under his lash induced Murad IV.
And then the bitterness was gone from his eyes, leaving only the sweetness... and a touch of something else.
A violent article, in which he demanded the annexation of Hanover and Saxony, and attacked with great bitterness the Saxon royal house, led to an estrangement from his father, who enjoyed the warm friendship of the king.
The Republican leaders straightway quarrelled among themselves, thus starting the long series of factional strifes which have characterized the party politics of New York state; the bitterness of the factions and the irresponsible council of appointment are also responsible for the firm establishment early in the Republican regime of the " spoils system."
"And you?" she asked, bitterness in her voice.
Always notably courteous in his treatment of opponents, he showed no bitterness either towards J.
µbppa; the Arabic murr, bitter, was applied to the substance from its bitterness), a gum-resin highly esteemed by the ancients as an unguent and perfume, used for incense in temples and also in embalming.
The strife was often conducted on both sides with a zeal and bitterness of language which were characteristic of the period.
Xander smiled at the bitterness in Ingrid's tone.
Dean could read the bitterness in his voice.
The bitterness in his voice bothered her.
The task of averting the racial bitterness so dominant in the United States of America is a most formidable one.
Considerable bitterness prevails between the rival confessions, each aiming at political ascendancy, but the government favours none.
He remained in opposition, distinguishing himself by the courtly bitterness of his attacks on George II., who learned to hate him violently.
His attitude is one not of bitterness but of calm hopelessness, with an occasional tinge of disgust or contempt.
Occasioned by this question had started from the very beginning of the Council, and were carried on with great bitterness on both sides.
Mill's friendship with Mrs Taylor and their marriage in 1851 involved a break with his family (apparently due to his resentment at a fancied slight, not to any bitterness on their part), and his practical disappearance from society.
After a peaceful period of a quarter of a century the Armenian subjects of Russia in Transcaucasia were filled with bitterness and discontent by the confiscation of the properties of their national (Gregorian) church by the Russian treasury.
The bitterness aroused by the ardent and to some extent unjust zeal of the reforming element can only be conjectured.
The ethical standard of the book is high except in the bitterness displayed towards the "wicked," that is, the enemies of the Jews.
Palaeologus, had been advised by his experienced father to avoid all serious negotiations, as they had invariably resulted in increased bitterness; but John, in view of the rapid dismemberment of his empire by the Turks, felt constrained to seek a union.
It was many years before the bitterness of feeling aroused by the repeal agitation entirely subsided in Nova Scotia.
He wrote a small book of memoirs of this campaign, Allemands et francais (1871), in which he spoke of the conquerors without bitterness; this attitude was all the more praiseworthy as his mother was an Alsatian, and he was unable to resign, himself to the loss of Alsace and Lorraine.
The bitterness is imparted by such substances as bitter orange rind, gentian, rhubarb, quassia, cascarilla, angostura, quinine and cinchona.
On the 3rd of August, shorn of much of its original bitterness, the so-called Confutatio pontificia was read; it well expresses the views approved in substance by the emperor and all the Catholic party.
The struggle, which still further aggravated the dependence of the pope on France, was waged on both sides with the utmost bitterness, and the end was not in sight when John XXII.
The bitterness and persistency of his attacks on his colleague Pierre Bayle led to the latter being deprived of his chair in 1693.
One of the most useful nutritious species is Cetraria islandica, " Iceland moss," which, after being deprived of its bitterness by boiling in water, is reduced to a powder and made into cakes, or is boiled and eaten with milk by the poor Icelander, whose sole food it often constitutes.
The stirring incidents in the political emancipation of Portugal inspired his muse, and he describes the bitterness of exile, the adventurous expedition to Terceira, the heroic defence of Oporto, and the final combats of liberty. 
Fourthly, the enforcement of the fugitive slave law aroused a feeling of bitterness in the North which helped eventually to bring on the war, and helped to make it, when it came, quite as much an anti-slavery crusade as a struggle for the preservation of the Union.
Francois Sanchez (1562-1632), professor of medicine and philosophy in Toulouse, combated the Aristotelianism of the schools with much bitterness, and was the author of a book with the title Quod nihil scitur.
At the same time the bitterness of Hume's feelings and their effect are of importance in his life.
With them rose half Britain, enraged, for other causes, at Roman rule.
Enraged at this defeat, Gilpin's enemies laid their complaint before Bonner, bishop of London, who secured a royal warrant for his apprehension.
Their subservience to Rome so enraged the Greek cities of Syria that the Roman envoy Graeus Octavius (consul 165 B.C.) was assassinated in Laodicea (162).(162).
The enraged Finnish colonel thereupon approached Gustavus III.
Demeter, at first enraged, afterwards calmed down, and washed herself in the river Ladon by way of purification.
Even Napoleon, though enraged at the firmness with which he maintained the papal claims, could, not resist his personal fascination.
This enraged the Roman populace; a riot broke out on the 13th of January 1793, and Bassville, who was driving with his family to the Corso, was dragged from his carriage and so roughly handled that he died.
Dositheus was so enraged at these suggestions, which were calculated to undermine his position as the Standing One, that he struck at Simon with his staff.
Enraged by Bonaparte's contemptuous refusal to encourage the return of "Louis XVIII."
Garrison's visit to England enraged the pro-slavery people and press of the United States at the outset, and when he returned home in September with the "protest" against the Colonization Society, and announced that he had engaged the services of George Thompson as a lecturer against American slavery, there were fresh outbursts of rage on every hand.
In the oldest forms of the legend Hera is not mentioned; but afterwards the wanderings of Leto are ascribed to the jealousy of that goddess, enraged at her amour with Zeus.
Enraged by this unexpected arrogance, Henry summoned a synod of German bishops to Worms in January 1076, and Hildebrand was declared deposed.
Enraged at being thus excluded from power by their former friend, the "Caps" procured Pechlin's expulsion from the two following Riksdags.
She is said to have loved a young man named Dardanus, of Abydos, and, enraged at his neglect of her, to have put out his eyes while he was asleep. The gods, as a punishment for this, ordered her, by an oracle, to take the famous but rather mythical lover's leap from the Leucadian promontory (Photius, Cod.
To defend himself from the enraged Shammar `Ali summoned the `Anaza from across the Euphrates.
When submission to Rome had somewhat improved his position he squandered his last resources in a new and unsuccessful war with France (1214), and enraged the feudal classes by new claims for military service and scutages.
This much enraged the duke, who took active steps against the citizens, and tried (1527) to carry off the bishop, Pierre de la Baume (1522-1544), who soon found it best to make his submission.
The goddess, enraged at the insult, asks her father Anu to avenge her.
Most of the inhabitants continued heathens until, according to the legend, Salsa, a Christian maiden, threw the head of their serpent idol into the sea, whereupon the enraged populace stoned her to death.
In many parts the peasants and townsfolk, enraged by the licence of the French, hung on his flank and rear.
When Achilles, enraged with Agamemnon, deserted the Greeks, Hector drove them back to their ships, which he almost succeeded in burning.
The new Vizier, Mohamed Shevket, was assassinated in June 1913, and this further enraged the Committee against the Old Turks and the Union Liberale.
Thereupon Andvari, enraged, laid upon the hoard and all who should possess it a curse.
Philo, who tells how any suggestion of appeal by the Jews to Tiberius enraged him, sums up their view of Pilate in Agrippa's words, as a man " inflexible, merciless, obstinate."
The Hanseatic League, whose political ascendancy had been shaken by the Union, enraged by Eric's efforts to bring in the Dutch as commercial rivals, as well as by the establishment of the Sound tolls, materially assisted the Holsteiners in their twenty-five years' war with Denmark (1410-35), and Eric VII.
Protestant nobles of England, enraged at the tolerant policy of James, had been in negotiation with William of Orange since 1687.
Accordingly, the enraged Goths, under their chief Fritigern, streamed across the Balkans into Thrace and the country round Adrianople, plundering, burning and slaughtering as they went.
Enraged at this barbarous act, Peter put himself at the head of an army and devastated the whole of the country between the Douro and the Minho before he was reconciled to his father.
Lucifer, enraged at the spread of Christ's kingdom, convokes the fiends in council, and resolves to set up the pope as Antichrist.
Her work was so perfect that Athena, enraged at being unable to find any blemish in it, tore it to pieces.
An ardent patriot and republican, her relations with Danton resembled those of Marie Antoinette with Mirabeau, in each case a woman spoilt by flattery, enraged at indifference.
After her amour with Zeus, Electra fled to the Palladium as a suppliant, but Athena, enraged that it had been touched by one who was no longer a maiden, flung Electra and the image from heaven to earth, where it was found by Ilus, and taken by him to Ilium; according to another tradition, Electra herself took it to Ilium, and gave it to her son Dardanus (Schol.
Leisler had proclaimed the new monarchs of Great Britain and had declared that it was his purpose only to protect the province and the Protestant religion until the arrival of a governor appointed by them; but he was enraged when he learned that he had been ignored and that under the new governor, Colonel Henry Sloughter, his enemies, van Cortlandt and Bayard, had again been appointed to the council.
This silly libel so enraged the performers at the Opera that they hanged and burned with him, the Dijon academy, which had founded his fame, announced the subject of "The Origin of Inequality," on which he wrote a discourse which was unsuccessful, but at least equal to the former in merit.
It took an active part in the movement against the monarchy of the 10th of June and the 10th of August 1792; but after that date the more moderate leaders of the club, Danton, Fabre d'Eglantine, Camille Desmoulins, seem to have ceased attending, and the "enrages" obtained control, such as J.
The time had come, however, when Saint Just and he were to turn their attention not only to les enrages, but to les indulgents- the powerful faction of the Dantonists.
The failure of this brought about the arrest of the Hebertists, or enrages, as his partisans were called.
Running will only enrage it.
This seemed to enrage her too.
And this seemed to enrage all that rabble.
but they only seemed to enrage the man more.
was so sweet, and partly to enrage those watching.
At times she used to stage situations that would enrage him.
I wondered what she could have done to enrage Soneji like this.
This only served to mildly enrage and excite Adorno even further.
But, the temptation to enrage and humiliate Commander Williams was too great.
This will enrage the tribe of Cyclopes, who’ll bombard his ship with boulders.
could so enrage the enemy they felt it necessary to single her out for attention.
The shot went wild, but the crack of the rifle seemed to enrage the bear even more.
the same unpleasant truth, but Rhett likes to look it in the face and enrage people by.
Something that would enrage some white people, no matter how much it endeared me to the Negroes.
Rafferty could see how that would enrage a man, any man, but particularly a man of low self-esteem like Smythe.
people is the king's honour, but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince; he who is slow to enrage is of great.
I thought about trying the whistle that hung from my neck, but I thought it might enrage him or scare him and cause him to harm me.
He ate of that terrible, inexpressible thing that is called de la vache enrage; that is to say, he endured great hardships and privations.
Repeatedly confront someone with the impotence and bathos of their own apathy and you can enrage them at themselves for having been made pathetic by others.
I know it’s just speculation, but if you knew what a manipulative prick Dennis was, you’d see how he could use her to enrage me—and use me to enrage her.
Take madame to the theatre, if it were only for once in your life, to enrage one of these ravens, hang it! If anyone could take my place, I would accompany you myself.
I can’t believe the amount of random rubbish that presents itself, sprouting anew at this opportunity: children’s songs learned at three years of age bubble to the surface, forgotten arguments from decades ago enrage me beyond reason.
And they are enraging us.
It had seeped into Holly and Heather enraging them.
Bulls are speared and their horns set ablaze for the purpose of enraging them to.
Particularly enraging to Miss Entwhistle was the knowledge of her weak position, uninvited in his house.
He felt the same enraging feeling and he took it and threw it to the floor hard, I hate it! he threw his shoes off to the mirror and it broke.
They’re cold as wind-whipped snow swirling around icy mountain peaks, and hot as splashing lava; desperate as the Donner party starving in the dead of winter, while soothing as a mother’s touch; enraging as murder and torture of innocents, evil as Satan, and still righteous as the Prince of Peace.
Tom looks exasperated.
Tom is getting exasperated.
To have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable, upset and exasperated.
Tired of her whining, he gave her an exasperated look.
"Oh, leave off, you always talk nonsense and keep putting things off-- and this is what comes of it!" said Prince Andrew in an exasperated whisper, evidently meaning to wound his sister.
But the Prophet was so exasperated by this rivalry that when Nadr fell into his power after the battle of Badr, he caused him to be executed; although in all other cases he readily pardoned his fellow-countrymen.
Exasperated, Charles attacked and took Nancy, wishing, as he said, to skin the Bernese bear and wear its fur.
Not long after his arrival in Sijistan, Ibn Ash`ath, exasperated by the masterful tone of Hajjaj, the plebeian, towards himself, the high-born, decided to revolt.
Suraj-ud-Dowlah, exasperated by this breach of neutrality within his own dominions, took the side of the French.
His favour at court had naturally exasperated his enemies; it had not secured him any real friends, and even a gentlemanship of the chamber was no solid benefit, except from the morey point of view.
The degree to which political enmity was exasperated by the Euboean War may be judged from the incident of Midias, an adherent of Eubulus, and a type of opulent rowdyism.
Occasional riots, such as in 1897, when the Bohemians were exasperated by the action of the Vienna government which restricted the use of the national language in the law courts; and in 1905, when the people demanded an extension of the suffrage, have not interfered with the increasing prosperity of the city, and their importance has been greatly exaggerated.
His boldness succeeded (March 24, 1794), and then, jealous of DantOns activity and statesmanship, and exasperated by the jeers of his friends, he rid himself of the party of tolerance by a parody of justice (April 5).
Detested the states-general and never convoked them, and the parlements were definitely reduced to silence in 1673; he completed the destruction of municipal liberties, under pretext of bad financial administration.; suffered no public, still less private criticism; was ruthless when his exasperated subjects had recourse to force; and made the police the chief bulwark of his government.
The queen, haughty and exasperated though she was, yielded for the time being, because the invasion of the Spaniards in the north, the arrest of Charles I.
Misrule and oppression in every form now again prevailed throughout the Sudan, while the slave traders, exasperated by Gordons stern measures, were ready to revolt.
At the second assembly of the states of Blois, called together on account of the need for money(1588), all of Henry III.s enemies who were elected showed themselves even bolder than in 1576 in claiming the A;sas;I~nha~ control of the financial administration of the kingdom; Guises at but the destruction of the Armada gave Henry III., the second already exasperated by the insults he had received, 
In the south, the companions of Jehu and of the Sun inaugurated a White Terror, which had not even the apparent excuse of the public safety or of exasperated patriotism.
A mutiny broke out amongst the troops, disheartened by failure and exasperated by his severity, and Perdiccas was assassinated by some of his officers (321). 
so that Saul's insane fears were constantly exasperated by personal contact with him.
The restrained sentiments of the council in regard to Hoadly found expression in a war of pamphlets known as the Bangorian Controversy, which, partly from a want of clearness in the statements of Hoadly, partly from the disingenuousness of his opponents and the confusion resulting from exasperated feelings, developed into an intricate and bewildering maze of side discussions in which the main issues of the dispute were concealed almost beyond the possibility of discovery.
This so exasperated the Sequani that they joined in the revolt of Vercingetorix (52) and shared in the defeat at Alesia.
During the progress of the Civil War American feeling had been greatly exasperated by the losses inflicted on commerce by the cruiser " Alabama," which, it was claimed, was allowed to leave a British port in violation of international law.
This so exasperated him that he completely demolished its fortifications, although he seems to have spared the lives of the inhabitants as far as lay in his power.
The discussions on the budget entirely monopolized public attention for the year, and while the measure was defended by Mr Lloyd George in parliament with much suavity, and by Mr Asquith, Sir Edward Grey and Mr Haldane outside the House of Commons with tact and moderation, the feelings of its opponents were exasperated by a series of inflammatory public speeches at Limehouse and elsewhere from the chancellor of the exchequer, who took these opportunities to rouse the passions of the working-classes against the landed classes and the peers.
Exasperated by the tyranny of the Salimbeni and other patrician families allied to the Ghibellines, it decreed in 127 7 the exclusion of all nobles from the supreme magistracy (consisting since 1270 of thirty-six instead of twenty-four members), and insisted that this council should be formed solely of Guelf traders and men of the middle class.
Out of it sprang the rebellion of Megabyzus, who was greatly exasperated because, though he had persuaded Inarus to surrender by promising that his life would be spared, Artaxerxes, yielding to the entreaties of his wife Amytis, who wanted to take revenge on Inarus for the death of her brother Achaemenes, the satrap of Egypt, had surrendered him to her for execution.
Subsequently, Banffy still further exasperated the opposition by exercising undue influence during the elections of 1896.
The war was very unpopular in Denmark, and the closing of the Sound against foreign shipping, in order to starve out Sweden, had exasperated the maritime powers and all the Baltic states.
In 374 the Quadi, a German tribe in what is now Moravia and Hungary, resenting the erection of Roman forts to the north of the Danube in what they considered to be their own territory, and further exasperated by the treacherous murder of their king, Gabinius, crossed the river and laid waste the province of Pannonia.
To one of her daughters, and of betrothing Charles IX.to the eldest of the Austrian archduchesses, exasperated also by the presumption of the Lorraine family, who aspired to the marriage of their nephew with Charles IX.s Pence, , sister, she signed the peace of St Germain on the 8th st of August 1570.
Here, however, he came into conflict with the then mighty prince of Khwarizm (Khiva), who, already exasperated because the caliph refused to grant him the honours he asked for, resolved to overthrow the Caliphate of the Abbasids, and to place a descendant of Ali on the throne of Bagdad.
The place was long besieged, and finally annihilated (1222) by Jenghiz Khan, whose wrath was exasperated at the death of a favourite grandson by an arrow from its walls.
She acts more sorry for the woman, or exasperated, than afraid of her.
The recovery of lost Ottoman territory, the furthering of Pan-Islamism, and the freeing of the empire from all exasperating fetters of European control, were given as additional and important purposes in view.
From 1809 the new administration, drifting steadily towards war, struggled on from one abortive and exasperating negotiation to another.
One of his pamphlets against the latter (The Public Spirit of the Whigs set forth in their Generous Encouragement of the Author of the Crisis, 1714) was near involving him in a prosecution, some invectives against the Scottish peers having proved so exasperating to Argyll and others that they repaired to the queen to demand the punishment of the author, of whose identity there could be no doubt, although, like all Swift's writings, except the Proposal for the Extension of Religion, the pamphlet had been published anonymously.
Simple and honourable himself, he was shrewd and penetrating in his judgment of Orientals; and, unlike his great predecessor Clive, he rigidly adhered to the rule of good faith in his own actions, however depraved and however exasperating the conduct of those with whom he had to deal.
Instead of exasperating the demands of the peasants and workmen by repression and raising civil war between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat, they drew a distinction between personal servitude, which was suppressed, and the rights of contract, which were to be redeemeda laudable but impossible distinction.
But this reform, being made by the minister of a hated sovereign, only aided in exasperating public opinion, which was grateful to the parlements in that their remonstrances bad riot always been fruitless.
As the country districts could yield nothing more, it became necessary to demand money from the Parisians and from the citizens of the various towns, and to search out and furbish up old disused edictsedicts as to measures and scales of pricesat the very moment when the luxury and corruption of the parvenus was insulting the poverty and suffering of the people, and exasperating all those officials who took their functions seriously.
To conceal his plan he aroused French colonial aspirations against England, and also the memory of the spoliations of 1763, exasperating English jealousy of France, whose borders now exteiided to the Rhine, and laying hands on Hanover, Hamburg and Cuxhaven.
His first proceedings had indeed given no We promise of the moderation and prudence afterwards to characterize him; he had succeeded in exasperating all parties; the officials of his father, the well-served, whom he dismissed in favor of inferiors like Jean Balue, Oliver le Daim and Tristan Lermite; the clergy, by abrogating the Pragmatic Sanction; the university of Paris, by his ill-treatment of it; and the nobles, whom he deprived of their hunting rights, among them being those whom Charles VII.
Thus he procured money at all costs, with an extremely crude fiscal judgment which ended by exasperating the people; hence numerous insurrections of the poverty-stricken; Dijon rose in revolt against the aides in 1630, Provence against the tax-officers (lus) in 1631, Paris and Lyons in 1632, and Bordeaux against the increase of customs in 1635.
Ispravniki and stanovoi alike are armed with large and ill-defined powers; and, since they are for the most part illiterate and wholly ignorant of the law, they have proved exasperating engines of oppression.
In her anger she had told the queen she wished for no answer, and she was now met by a stony and exasperating silence, broken only by the words constantly repeated, "You desired no answer and you shall have none."
Ores of Iron.-Even though the earth seems to be a huge iron meteor with but a thin covering of rocks, the exasperating proneness of iron to oxidize explains readily why this metal is only rarely found native, except in the form of meteorites.
Perhaps even this degree of severity might have been held by the Prussian authorities to be unnecessary, had Ewald been less exasperating in his language.
After Grotius's return from England the exasperation of theological parties in Holland rose to such a pitch that it became clear that an appeal to force would be made.
She saw with sorrow, and sometimes with exasperation, symptoms of a growing attachment between her son and the portionless Sonya.
Summing up, it may be said that the exasperation caused by just grievances unremedied was no stronger a motive with the trekkers than the desire to be free from the restraints imposed on British subjects and the wish to be able to deal with the natives after their own fashion.
Thousands of men peaceably disposed and, if left alone, perfectly satisfied with their position as British subjects, are being drawn into disaffection, and there is a corresponding exasperation on the side of the British.
The gathering exasperation of the Sienese, and notably of the middle class, against their rulers was brought to a climax by this cruel disappointment.
Factions of lay-folk, who quarrelled furiously over in shades of opinion never heard of in the West, and h scarcely intelligible to Western minds even if expounded, might seem to have placed their sincerity beyond all question.
Matters grew even worse on the death of Bakocz, when the magnates Istvan Bathory, Janos Zapolya and Istvan Verboczy fought each other furiously, and used the diets as their tools.
The general at once acknowledged the call, "drove furiously" to Jezreel, and, having slain both kings, proceeded to exterminate the whole of the royal family (2 Kings ix., x.).
This last reason, while probably most effective with the judges, only stirred up more furiously the fury in Schopenhauer's breast, and his preface is one long fulmination against the ineptitudes and the charlatanry of his bête noire, Hegel.
Its use was furiously assailed by the extremer Reformers but, in spite of their efforts, was retained by Elizabeth's Act of Uniformity, and enforced by the advertisements and injunctions issued under her authority, which ordered the "massing vestments" - chasubles, albs, stoles and the like - to be destroyed.
'm furious.
I was sad and furious.
Tom's angry and furious.
Tom is furious.
Tom got furious.
Tom was furious.
Tom looks furious.
Tom became furious.
tom looked furious.
It makes me very furious.
Tom will be furious.
i'm furious with Tom.
Tom made Mary highly furious.
Right now, I'm furious.
I'm furious at you, Tom.
Tom must be furious with Mary.
Tom had never seen Mary so furious.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Tom is furious that Mary is going to Boston without him.
Tom was very very furious.
He became exceptionally furious.
She made him furious.
My mother was furious.
It was a furious battle.
My parents were furious.
His parents were furious.
Republicans were furious.
The governor was furious.
Tom was furious with Mary.
Tom is going to be furious.
Keiko is studying furiously.
The enemy attacked furiously.
Tom looks absolutely furious.
The fire is burning furiously.
Why aren't you furious with me?
President Roosevelt was furious.
Tom is furious at what Mary did.
The governor of Texas was furious.
If you refuse, Tom will be furious.
When I told him that, he got furious.
tom will be furious when he finds out.
We used to compete furiously in college.
The dogs barked furiously at the intruder.
If Tom had done that to me, I'd be furious.
He is furious at what they have done to him.
I said nothing, which made him more furious.
For some reason, she's really furious with me.
if Tom was angry before, he'll be furious now.
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch.
tom was furious when he saw Mary kiss someone else.
Tom is really furious with the way things are going.
You must have been furious when Tom quit without notice.
He was furious at his neighbor for allowing their dog to run into his yard.
Tom was furious but he tempered his language because there were children present.
The workers were furious that management had kept them in the dark about proposed job cuts.
We had a heated discussion about it.
Tom heated up some leftovers for dinner.
He was heated because he was very annoying and disturbing.
He left the basement and entered the heated first floor.
Sofia felt Rainy's hard gaze but avoided his heated look.
Two weeks passed and I'd put Howie Abbott from my mind when Betsy called one evening as I heated a frozen dinner in my lonely apartment.
His blood heated at her familiar scent.
She lowered her gaze at the heated look from the man who drove her crazy every other minute of her day.
Arguments concerning contact with tip lines became heated as well.
While we were sympathetic to dad, we decided after heated discussion simply tip what we learned.
A touch of coolness grazed his heated frame, which always grew hotter than Hell when he changed forms.
The sounds of heated discussion made her look toward the river.
His gaze flared with heated interest.
They exchanged a heated look so intense Kiera blushed.
At his hesitation and the heated, lustful look he gave her, Sofia's mouth dropped open.
The million-gallon harvest of nature's heated waters was a major tourist attraction.
The couple gave each other another heated look, and she wolfed down her food before leaving them in peace.
His touch sent heated energy through her, and the nearness of his body made her tense.
He was heated and huge at her back.
He filled in his stepfather on his conversation with Weller as the two shared a macaroni dinner Fred had heated up.
Heated with sulphuric acid and with nitric acid it is oxidized to boric acid, whilst on fusion with alkaline carbonates and hydroxides it gives a borate of the alkali metal.
She heated some water and carried a towel back to the bathroom to bathe before bed.
He bowed out after several rounds to watch a heated match between two warriors casting loud taunts at each other as they battled.
Her breathing was regulated but heavy, her scent and heated nearness aiding battle fever in agitating his blood.
Though nauseated by the thought, she heated up a can of soup and forced herself to eat it.
Her scent permeated his very skin to agitate his already heated blood.
The sounds and scents of battle were thick in the air, from clanging of metal to cries of the injured to the smell of heated bodies.
She closed her eyes, savoring the sensations, his scent and heated touch imprinted upon her mind.
To surrender even one night to this man, one night of his tender touch, heated kisses, and hard body…
It may be obtained in the spongy form by igniting iridium ammonium chloride, and this variety of the metal readily oxidizes when heated in air.
Iridium sesquioxide, Ir 2 0 3, is obtained when potassium iridium chloride is heated with sodium or potassium carbonates, in a stream of carbon dioxide.
Iridium sesquichloride, IrC1 31 is obtained when one of the corresponding double chlorides is heated with concentrated sulphuric acid, the mixture being then thrown into water.
The disulphide, IrS2, is formed when powdered iridium is heated with sulphur and an alkaline carbonate.
Heated at 190-300° in a current of hydrogen it gives the oxide C0304, while at higher temperatures the monoxide is formed, and ultimately cobalt is obtained.
Therefore in a room with an open fire the air is, as a rule, less heated than the walls.
A closed stove acts mainly by convection; though when heated to a high temperature it gives out radiant heat.
As the water is heated it becomes lighter, rises to the top of the boiler, and passes along the flow pipe.
From this point the " return " pipe drops, usually at the same rate as the flow pipe rises; and in due course the water reaches its starting point, the boiler, and is again heated and again circulated through the system.
The water after being heated passes into a circulating FIG.
Long would expand or increase in length when heated to this temperature about I 1 in.
Indirect radiators are placed beneath the floor of the apartment to be heated and give off heat through a grating.
In small houses all requirements may be satisfied with a boiler heated by the kitchen fire.
Every installation is made up of a boiler or other water heater, a tank or cylinder to contain the water when heated, and a cistern of cold water, the supply from which to the system is regulated automatically by a ball valve.
The supply from the cold water cistern enters the bottom of the cylinder, and thence travels by way of the return pipe to the boiler, where it is heated, and back through the flow pipe to the cylinder, which is thus soon filled with hot water.
His skin was heated, his blood coursing.
It was evident that the more lifeless he seemed at ordinary times, the more impassioned he became in these moments of almost morbid irritation.
If he spoke with anger or frustration or anything other than the quiet, impassioned tone, she would've been able to handle the news better.
Many ideas and expressions of the Sicilian have been reproduced by the Roman poet; and the same tone of impassioned solemnity and melancholy seems to have pervaded both works.
Day by day his impassioned words, filled with the spirit of the Old Testament, wrought upon the minds of the Florentines and strung them to a pitch of pious emotion never before - and never since - attained by them.
19 seq., with its note of farewell, to the impassioned outburst of iii.
A week later Trumbic and his colleagues were welcomed on the Balkan front by the Voivode Misic with an impassioned speech in favour of unity.
Crowds of persons attended his addresses, on whom his energy, command of language, powerful voice and impassioned gestures made a profound impression.
His greatest feat was the impassioned speech by which, on October 8th, he induced the burgesses to accede to the proposal of the magistracy of Copenhagen to offer Frederick III.
His political eloquence can worthily image the majesty of the state, and enforce weighty counsels with lofty and impassioned fervour.
As a member of the Duma he attained a certain notoriety by impassioned speeches and appeals for root-and-branch reform, but he was never conspicuous for steady work or constructive statesmanship. When the first Revolutionary Government was formed people were astonished to hear that Kerensky had been nominated Minister of Justice.
Anatole France delivered an impassioned oration at the grave.
His address before the graduating class of the divinity school at Cambridge, in 1838, was an impassioned protest against what he called "the defects of historical Christianity" (its undue reliance upon the personal authority of Jesus, and its failure to explore the moral nature of man as the fountain of established teaching), and a daring plea for absolute selfreliance and a new inspiration of religion.
And as a poet Lull takes a prominent position in the history of Catalan literature; such pieces as El Desconort (1295) and Lo Cant de Ramon (1299) combine in a rare degree simple beauty of expression with sublimity of thought and impassioned sincerity.
Vanessa insensibly became his pupil, and he insensibly became the object of her impassioned affection.
His oration was a tremendous arraignment of war, and an impassioned appeal for freedom and for peace, and proved him an orator of the first rank.
He then took a bible from the priest's hands, and, after looking at it, threw it violently from him, and began a more impassioned speech, in which he exposed the designs of the Spaniards, and upbraided them with the cruelties they had perpetrated.
His impassioned eloquence did much more than.
He was an effective debater in the House, and for his impassioned denunciation (June 21, 1856) of Preston S.
His impassioned yet reasoned eloquence gave him an influence which was increased by his articles in the Parlement in which he opposed violent measures against the unauthorized congregations.
At Alexandria the noble Hypatia taught, to whose memory her impassioned disciple Synesius, afterwards a bishop, reared a splendid monument.
A careful exclusion of all Gallicisms, as a reaction against the French influences of the day, is one of the marked features of his style, which is not infrequently impassioned and eloquent, though at the same time cumbrous, involved and ornate.
Party feeling in America has probably never been more dangerously impassioned than in the three years preceding 3 Hamilton wrote for the papers himself; Jefferson never did.
The ill-fated Vieira de Castro excited the greatest admiration by his impassioned speeches in the Chamber of Deputies during the 'sixties; the nearest modern counterpart to these distinguished men is the orator Antonio Candido Ribeiro da Costa.
Everything which contributed to the formation of a free, impassioned, liberal individuality he regarded as praiseworthy.
But war was in the air, and the most impassioned speeches he ever delivered were addressed to this parliament in fruitless opposition to the Crimean War.
Delavigne, inspired by the catastrophe of 1815, wrote two impassioned poems, the first entitled Waterloo, the second, Devastation du musee, both written in the heat of patriotic enthusiasm, and teeming with popular political allusions.
After prolonged debates Grattan, on the 26th of May, spoke finally against the committal of the bill, ending with an impassioned peroration in which he declared, "I will remain anchored here with fidelity to the fortunes of my country, faithful to her freedom, faithful to her fall."
In these remains of the tragedies of Ennius we can trace indications of strong sympathy with the nobler and bolder elements of character, of vivid realization of impassioned situations, and of sagacious observation of life.
The style is very vigorous and impassioned, without any trace of relenting towards conventional work.
Such superb self-confidence can accomplish much, and it undoubtedly helped to form Fustel's talent and to give to his style that admirable concision which subjugates even when it fails to convince; but a student instinctively distrusts an historian who settles the most controverted problems with such impassioned assurance.
The impatience of the king and his wife gave the minister no time to mature his plans.
The jealousy of France and the impatience of Queen Christina were the chief causes of the inadequacy of her final recompense.
In 1881 the Dynastic Liberals began to show impatience at being kept too long in the cold shade of opposition.
In the pleasure of doing this, I did not stop to look at my own gifts; but when I was ready for them, my impatience for the real Christmas to begin almost got beyond control.
To her impatience and pining for him were now added the unpleasant recollection of her interview with Princess Mary and the old prince, and a fear and anxiety of which she did not understand the cause.
He acknowledged no acquaintances but saw in all these men only brothers, and burned with impatience to set to work with them.
The cousins met after an interval of twenty-three years, and Lady Hesketh was to be Cowper's good angel to the end, even though her letters disclose a considerable impatience with Mrs Unwin.
Sagasta held on as long as was necessary to secure the promulgation of the universal suffrage law, but he noticed that the queen-regent, when he waited upon her for the despatch of public business, showed almost daily more impatience for a change of policy, until at last, in July 1890, she peremptorily told him that she considered the time had come for calling the Conservatives and their mililary patrons to her councils.
Burgess answered quickly, impatience showing in his voice.
In time, notwithstanding a certain inherent individualism and impatience of control, veritable despotisms arose in the Semitic world, although such organizations were invariably liable to sudden collapse as the old forms of life broke down with changing conditions.'
A scarcely less important service was rendered to the ministry by his Letter to the October Club, artfully composed to soothe the impatience of Harley's extreme followers.
It is impatience, a perversity of will, that is the cause of error.
That he was an ambitious man, fond of power, and haughty in his attitude to those who differed from him in opinion, may be granted, but it must also be conceded that he sought for power in order to confer invaluable services upon his country, and that impatience of opposition was not unnatural in a man who had exercised an almost supreme control of administrative affairs for upwards of three decades.
These measures, and the excitement which followed the arrival of the radicals from Zwickau, led Luther to return to Wittenberg in March 1522, where he preached a series of sermons attacking the impatience of the radical party, and setting forth clearly his own views of what the progress of the Reformation should be.
This solution was spoiled by the impatience of Garibaldi and the supineness of the Romans themselves.
While sympathizing with the ideas and aims of the "Young Turkey" party, he was anxious to restrain its impatience, but the sultan's obduracy led to a coalition between the grand vizier, the war minister and Midhat Pasha, which deposed him in May 1876, and he was murdered in the following month.
Impatience of Johnson's criticisms and infirmities had been steadily growing with Mrs Thrale since 1774.
The new consuls were to be murdered on the 1st of January; but the plot - the execution of which was deferred till the 5th of February - failed in consequence of the impatience of Catiline, who gave the signal too hastily.
That impatience of authority to which we owe the Renaissance, the Reformation and the birth of Nationalism, is not stilled by the downfall of Aristotle as the nomen appellativum of the schools.
The arrival of the emperor had been awaited in the capital with an impatience which is expressed by Pliny and by Martial.'
The only speech made by him during his three years in parliament that was listened to with impatience was, curiously enough, his speech in favour of counteracting democracy by providing for the representation of minorities.
But the rashness of the emperor's brother Titianus and of Proculus, prefect of the praetorian guards, added to Otho's feverish impatience, overruled all opposition, and an immediate advance was decided upon, Otho himself remaining behind with a considerable reserve force at Brixellum, on the southern bank of the Po.
With these qualities Fichte himself combined a certain impetuosity and impatience probably derived from his mother, a woman of a somewhat querulous and jealous disposition.
His keenly logical intellect, and his impatience of authority where it clashed with his own convictions, quite unfitted him for that unquestioning obedience which the Church demanded.
He attributed to his early discipline in this logic an impatience of vague language which in all likelihood was really fostered in him by his study of the Platonic dialogues and of Bentham, for he always had in himself more 6f Plato's fertile ingenuity in canvassing the meaning of vague terms than the schoolman's rigid consistency in the use of them.
But Conrad hoped to attack sooner than he eventually did; his troops were ready in April, but the snow caused a delay which gave rise to much impatience at Austrian headquarters.
One of his best lieutenants said of him in a moment of impatience: " Lord Derby is like the God of Hegel: ` Er setzt sich, er verneint sich, er verneint seine Negation.'
Long before his death, Bright's references in public speeches to the achievements of the Anti-Corn Law League were received with respectful impatience, and Peel's famous speech on the repeal of the corn laws would not convince the German Reichstag or a modern House of Commons.
In his early writings, for example, more particularly those making up Naturphilosophie, one finds in painful abundance the evidences of hastily acquired knowledge, impatience of the hard labour of minute thought, over-confidence in the force of individual genius, and desire instantaneously to present even in crudest fashion the newest idea that has dawned upon the thinker.
The failure of these negotiations, for which he was only in part responsible, led to the universal movement of indignation and impatience, which ended, in France, in the declaration of neutrality (1408), and at Pisa, in the decree of deposition against the two pontiffs (1409).
The cunning of the Normans is plain enough; so is their impatience of restraint, unless held down by a strong master.
